[Verse 1]
I've seen you twice, in a short time
Only a week since we started
It seems to me, for every time
I'm getting more open-hearted
[Pre-Chorus 1]
I was an impossible case
No-one ever could reach me
But I think I can see in your face
There's a lot you can teach me
So I wanna know...
[Chorus 1]
What's the name of the game?
Does it mean anything to you?
What's the name of the game?
Can you feel it the way I do?
Tell me, please, 'cause I have to know
I'm a bashful child beginning to grow...
[Bridge]
And you make me talk, and you make me feel
And you make me show what I'm trying to conceal
If I trust in you, would you let me down?
Would you laugh at me, if I said I care for you?
Could you feel the same way too, I wanna know
The name of the game!
[Verse 2]
I have no friends, no one to see
And I am never invited
Now I am here, talking to you
No wonder I get excited
[Pre-Chorus 2]
Your smile, and the sound of your voice
And the way you see through me
Got a feeling, you give me no choice
But it means a lot to me
So I wanna know...
[Chorus]
What's the name of the game? (Your smile and the sound of your voice)
Does it mean anything to you? (Got a feeling you give me no choice, but it means a lot)
What's the name of the game? (Your smile and the sound of your voice)
Can you feel it the way I do?
Tell me please, cause I have to know
I'm a bashful child, beginning to grow
[Bridge 2]
And you make me talk, and you make me feel
And you make me show what I'm trying to conceal
If I trust in you, would you let me down?
Would you laugh at me, if I said I care for you? (Aah-ah)
Could you feel the same way too, I wanna know
Oh, yes, I wanna know...
[Outro]
The name of the game! (I was an impossible case)
Does it mean anything to you? (But I think I can see in your face that it means a lot)
What's the name of the game? (Your smile and the sound of your voice)
Can you feel it the way I do? (Got a feeling you give me no choice but it means a lot)
What's the name of the game? (I was an impossible case)
Does it mean anything to you? (But I think I can see in your face that it means a lot)
What's the name of the game? (Your smile and the sound of your voice)
