[Intro: Jay-Z]
The bounce is back, ya boy is back (sexy sexy)
I know y'all miss the bounce
You need the bounce for the sexy, you know
Let's get it in, yeah ma
[Verse 1: Jay-Z]Your dude is back, the Maybach Coupe is back
Tell the whole world the truth is backYou ain't gotta argue about who can rap
Cause the proof is back, just go through my rapsNew York, New York! Yeah, where my troopers at?
Where my hustlers, where my boosters at?I don't care what you do for stacks
I know the world glued your back to the wall
You gotta brawl, do thatI been through that, been shot at, shoot backGotta keep a peace like a BuddhistI ain't a New Jack; nobody gon' Wesley Snipe me
It's less than likely. Move backLet I breathe, Jedi Knight
The more space I get the better I write
Oh, never I write, but if ever I write
I need the space to say whatever I like, now just
[Hook: Jay-Z  & (Pharrell)](Change clothes, and go)
You know I stay fresh to death, a boy from the projects
And I'mma take you to the top of the globe, so let's go
(So let's exchange numbers and go)
(And girl I promise you, no substitutes) It's just me
[Verse 2: Jay-Z]And I ain't gon' tell you again, let's get ghost in the Phantom
You can bring your friend, we can make this a tandem
Or you can come by yourself if you can stand himBest believe, I sweat out weavesGive Afro Puffs like R.A.G.EAww you get if could move it
Back it on up like a U-Haul truck
Then run and tell them ducks you heard Hovi new shitHe and the boy Phar-real make beautiful musicHe is to the East coast what Snoop is
To the West Coast, what 'Face is to Houston
Young Hov' in the house is so necessary
No bra with that blouse, that's so necessary
No panties and jeans, that's so necessary
Now why you fronting on me, is that necessary?
Do I, to you, look like a lame
Who don't understand a broad with a mean shoe gameWho's up on dot dot dot and Vera Wang
Ma are you insane? Let's just
(What you want me to do?)
[Hook: Jay-Z & (Pharrell)](Change clothes, and go)
You know I stay fresh to death, a boy from the projects
And I'mma take you to the top of the globe, so let's go
(So let's exchange numbers and go)
(And girl I promise you, no substitutes) It's just me
[Interlude: Pharrell & (Jay Z)]
Ha ha! Sexy sexy (Woo!)
Ha ha! Sexy sexy (It's so necessary man)
Ha ha! Sexy sexy (That's right, it's a groove)
Ha ha! Sexy sexy (Bring it back)
Ha ha!
[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
Young Hov' in the house is so necessary
No bra with that blouse, that's so necessary
No panties and jeans, that's so necessary
Why you frontin' on me?
Let's go to my hotel, cause this don't go well
With those S. Dots, gotta stay fresh ma
Ma, I don't shop where the rest buyHo no ma, please respect my
Jiggy this is probably Purple LabelOr that BBC shit or it's probably tailored
And y'all niggas actin' way too tough
Throw on a suit, get it tapered up, and let's just:
[Hook: Jay-Z & (Pharrell)](Change clothes, and go)
You know I stay fresh to death, a boy from the projects
And I'mma take you to the top of the globe, so let's go
(So let's exchange numbers and go)
Uh huh yeah, uh (And girl I promise you, no substitutes) It's just me
Uh uh (Sexy sexy) sing along
Yeah, uh (Sexy sexy) turn your radio up
Woo! (Sexy sexy) Put your hands in the air if your in the car
Uh! Snap your fingers now (Sexy sexy) woo, uh
Uh, uh, your boy is back
Uh huh, uh, uh, uh, the bounce is back
Uh, uh, woo, uh HOV is back, peace!
