[Produced by Kevin "Khao" Cates]
[Intro]
Hey, T.I.P. pimpin'
Hey, shorty, why you gotta act like that?
I'm sayin', I'm just tryin' to be nice to you
[Hook]Go and tell a nigga no, with a ass so fat
Hey, why you wanna go and do that, love, huh?
Hey-hey why you wanna go and do that, do that?
Hey-hey why you wanna go and do that-that-that?In a relationship, been faithful to a nigga so whack
Hey, why you wanna go and do that, love, huh?
Hey-hey why you wanna go and do that, do that?
Hey-hey why you wanna go and do that-that-that… aye-aye
[Verse 1]Can't help but notice how you glowing, I can see in yo' faceNow, I just wonder if he know he close to being replacedSwear I treat you like a queen you put me in his place
So you can give back his ring and the key to his place
Tell the nigga one thing, that you need yo' space
Selling niggas is one thing, you don't need to chaseI wanna kiss you everywhere between yo' knees and waist
Hear the sounds that you making, get yo' knees to shake
Holla at me in the A, you feel you need to escapeI got a mansion and a gate, you with me you safeA Benz, a Phantom and a truck with 23's the case600 G's in the safe, how much cheese it take?
This a chance you need to take, ain't no need to wait
Say the word, we can leave today, this song's special
And it feel like fate, hate to make a mistakeHow the same thing making you sad making you stay?
[Hook]
[Verse 2]Can he touch it like that, and make it feel like this?
How I left and came back and it's still like this
Do he hit it from the back and make you feel it in yo' chest?
Take advantage of what you're concealing in yo' dress?What, he think he too fresh to show that you the best?
Compliment you on your intellect and treat you with respect?
Give you sex till you sweat, tongue kissing on yo' neck?
It's been awhile since she got it like this, I betI can tell you ain't just another bitch I met
Ain't nobody got me open like this, not yetYou confused, ain't decided which way you should go yet
So how you keep saying no with yo' panties so wet?
[Hook]
[Talking]
This nigga playing mind games, man
I think the time came, that you mind changed you understandLife is like a chess move, you need to make yo' next move
Yo' best move, keep it pimpin', you understand? Hey
I mean, you know what I'm saying
I done showed you how I feel, you know what I'm sayingI put myself all the way out there you knowThe ball in yo' court, man
But I just got a question for you… Is you happy?
[Hook]
