It has the ability to foretell natural disasters. Its life span is over a hundred years.

The only thing unlucky about Absol is its appearance. It protects fields and warns people of disaster, so one ought to be grateful for it.

It appears from deep in the mountains to warn people about upcoming disasters it has sensed with its horn.

The elderly call it the disaster Pokémon and detest it, but interest in its power to predict disasters is on the rise.

ABSOL has the ability to foretell the coming of natural disasters. It lives in a harsh, rugged mountain environment. This POKéMON very rarely ventures down from the mountains.

It appears when it senses an impending natural disaster. As a result, it was mistaken as a doom bringer.

It senses coming disasters and appears before people only to warn them of impending danger.

Every time Absol appears before people, it is followed by a disaster such as an earthquake or a tidal wave. As a result, it came to be known as the disaster Pokémon.

Although it’s said to bring disaster, in actuality, this Pokémon possesses a calm disposition and warns people of any crises that loom.

Swift as the wind, Absol races through fields and mountains. Its curved, bow-like horn is acutely sensitive to the warning signs of natural disasters.

It sharply senses even subtle changes in the sky and the land to predict natural disasters. It is a long-lived POKéMON that has a life-span of 100 years.

Absol has the ability to foretell the coming of natural disasters. It lives in a harsh, rugged mountain environment. This Pokémon very rarely ventures down from the mountains.

Rumored to sense disasters with its horn, it became a target. It fled deep into the mountains.

Long ago, superstitions were spread about it, saying it brought disaster. This fed a hatred of it, and it was driven deep into the mountains.

Because of this Pokémon’s ability to detect danger, people mistook Absol as a bringer of doom.

It appears when it senses an impending natural disaster. As a result, it was mistaken as a doom-bringer.

Every time ABSOL appears before people, it is followed by a disaster such as an earthquake or a tidal wave. As a result, it came to be known as the disaster POKéMON.

