If it trusts someone deeply, it will let them have one of its spoons. Anything you eat with that spoon is apparently delicious.

A Pokémon that can memorize anything. It never forgets what it learns—that’s why this Pokémon is smart.

The longer Alakazam lives, the larger and heavier its head becomes. Our tests have shown that the strength of its psychic powers correlates positively to the weight of its head.

The spoons clutched in its hands are said to have been created by its psychic powers.

Alakazam’s brain continually grows, infinitely multiplying brain cells. This amazing brain gives this Pokémon an astoundingly high IQ of 5,000. It has a thorough memory of everything that has occurred in the world.

Alakazam wields potent psychic powers. It’s said that this Pokémon used these powers to create the spoons it holds.

Its superb memory lets it recall everything it has experienced from birth. Its IQ exceeds 5,000.

Alakazam uses its psychic powers to make the spoons it carries. Each spoon is an original that there’s only one of in the whole world.

It has an incredibly high level of intelligence. Some say that Alakazam remembers everything that ever happens to it, from birth till death.

It does not like physical attacks very much. Instead, it freely uses extrasensory powers to defeat foes.

Alakazam’s brain continually grows, making its head far too heavy to support with its neck. This Pokémon holds its head up using its psychokinetic power instead.

Its brain cells multiply continually until it dies. As a result, it remembers everything.

ALAKAZAM’s brain continually grows, infinitely multiplying brain cells. This amazing brain gives this POKéMON an astoundingly high IQ of 5,000. It has a thorough memory of everything that has occurred in the world.

Its brain cells continue to increase in number until its death. The older the Alakazam, the larger its head.

Closing both its eyes heightens all its other senses. This enables it to use its abilities to their extremes.

Its brain can outperform a supercomputer. Its IQ (intelligence quotient) is said to be around 5,000.

Its brain can outperform a supercomputer. Its intelligence quotient is said to be 5,000.

ALAKAZAM’s brain continually grows, making its head far too heavy to support with its neck. This POKéMON holds its head up using its psychokinetic power instead.

While it has strong psychic abilities and high intelligence, an ALAKAZAM’s muscles are very weak. It uses psychic power to move its body.

A POKéMON that can memorize anything. It never forgets what it learns--that’s why this POKéMON is smart.

Its highly developed brain is on par with a supercomputer. It can use all forms of psychic abilities.

It has an IQ of 5000. It calculates many things in order to gain the edge in every battle.

It is said to have an IQ of approximately 5,000. Its overflowing psychokinetic powers cause headaches to anyone nearby.

