Biting into one of the delicious eggs that BLISSEY provides will make everyone around smile with joy.

BLISSEY senses sadness with its fluffy coat of fur. If it does so, this POKéMON will rush over to the sad person, however far they may be, to share an egg of happiness that brings a smile to any face.

This Pokémon is overflowing with love. Only Chansey that share a strong bond with their Trainer can evolve, so people say.

It has a very compassionate nature. If it sees a sick Pokémon, it will nurse the sufferer back to health.

If it senses sadness with its fluffy fur, a BLISSEY will rush over to the sad person, however far away, to share an egg of happiness that brings a smile to any face.

Their eggs are such a delicacy that some say eating one will bring you happiness. These eggs fetch the highest prices on the market.

This kindhearted Pokémon nurses sick Pokémon to health. It senses feelings of sadness.

Even the most ferocious Pokémon become calm when they eat Blissey’s egg, which is said to be filled with happiness.

Blissey senses sadness with its fluffy coat of fur. If it does so, this Pokémon will rush over to a sad person, no matter how far away, to share a Lucky Egg that brings a smile to any face.

Whenever a Blissey finds a weakened Pokémon, it will share its egg and offer its care until the other Pokémon is all better.

A kindhearted Pokémon that will care for any sick person or Pokémon until their health improves. The eggs it lays are delicious and bring good fortune to those who eat them.

It is a Pokémon that delivers happiness. Eating its egg is said to make one kind to everyone.

The eggs it lays are filled with happiness. Eating even one bite will bring a smile to anyone.

Anyone who takes even one taste of Blissey’s egg becomes unfailingly caring and pleasant to everyone.

Anyone who takes even one bite of BLISSEY’s egg becomes unfailingly caring and pleasant to everyone.

Anyone who takes even one taste of BLISSEY’s egg becomes unfailingly caring and pleasant to everyone.

Its fluffy fur coat acts as a sensor, enabling it to read the feelings of people and Pokémon.

It has a very compassionate nature. If it sees a sick POKéMON, it will nurse the sufferer back to health.

Blissey lays mysterious eggs that are filled with happiness. It’s said that anyone who eats a Blissey egg will start acting kindly to all others.

