Water-repellent powder on its wings enables it to collect honey, even in the heaviest of rains.

Nectar from pretty flowers is its favorite food. In fields of flowers, it has heated battles with Cutiefly for territory.

Its wings, covered with poisonous powder, repel water. This allows it to fly in the rain.

When attacked by other Pokémon, it defends itself by scattering its poisonous scales and fluttering its wings.

BUTTERFREE has a superior ability to search for delicious honey from flowers. It can even search out, extract, and carry honey from flowers that are blooming over six miles from its nest.

In battle, it flaps its wings at high speed to release highly toxic dust into the air.

Close examination of its large eyes reveals that each eye is composed of a myriad of tiny eyes.

It has a superior ability to search for delicious honey from flowers. It can seek, extract, and carry honey from flowers blooming over six miles away.

It loves the nectar of flowers and can locate flower patches that have even tiny amounts of pollen.

It collects honey every day. It rubs honey onto the hairs on its legs to carry it back to its nest.

Its wings, covered with poisonous powders, repel water. This allows it to fly in the rain.

Its wings are covered in toxic scales. If it finds bird Pokémon going after Caterpie, Butterfree sprinkles its scales on them to drive them off.

In battle, it flaps its wings at great speed to release highly toxic dust into the air.

It loves the honey of flowers and can locate flower patches that have even tiny amounts of pollen.

The wings are protected by rain-repellent dust. As a result, this Pokémon can fly about even in rain.

The wings are protected by rain-repellent dust. As a result, this POKéMON can fly about even in rain.

It flits from flower to flower, collecting honey. It can even identify distant flowers in bloom.

Butterfree has a superior ability to search for delicious honey from flowers. It can even search out, extract, and carry honey from flowers that are blooming over six miles from its nest.

