Bathed in moonlight, its wings glow faintly. Without even flapping, Clefairy rises into the air, where it dances around.

On every night of a full moon, groups of this POKéMON come out to play. When dawn arrives, the tired CLEFAIRY return to their quiet mountain retreats and go to sleep nestled up against each other.

It is said that happiness will come to those who see a gathering of Clefairy dancing under a full moon.

With its magical and cute appeal, it has many admirers. It is rare and found only in certain areas.

On every night of a full moon, they come out to play. When dawn arrives, the tired CLEFAIRY go to sleep nestled up against each other in deep and quiet mountains.

Moonlight gathers on the wings on Clefairy’s back, allowing Clefairy to fly. This Pokémon is difficult to find.

Its adorable behavior and cry make it highly popular. However, this cute POKéMON is rarely found.

Its magical and cute appeal has many admirers. It is rare and found only in certain areas.

It can be found in quiet mountain areas on a full moon’s night. Its dancing and its tiny, faintly glowing wings confer upon it a lovely fairylike quality.

Adored for their cute looks and playfulness. They are thought to be rare, as they do not appear often.

Its adorable behavior and cry make it highly popular. However, this cute Pokémon is rarely found.

On every night of a full moon, groups of this Pokémon come out to play. When dawn arrives, the tired Clefairy return to their quiet mountain retreats and go to sleep nestled up against each other.

Thought to live with others on quiet mountains, it is popular for its adorable nature.

Though rarely seen, it becomes easier to spot, for some reason, on the night of a full moon.

Its adorable behavior and appearance make it popular with men and women, young and old. Its numbers are few, however.

It is said that happiness will come to those who see a gathering of CLEFAIRY dancing under a full moon.

Its adorable appearance makes it popular as a pet. However, it is rare and difficult to find.

It flies using the wings on its back to collect moonlight. This Pokémon is difficult to find.

On nights with a full moon, they gather together and dance. The surrounding area is enveloped in an abnormal magnetic field.

They’re popular, but they’re rare. Trainers who show them off recklessly may be targeted by thieves.

The moonlight that it stores in the wings on its back apparently gives it the ability to float in midair.

On nights with a full moon, Clefairy gather from all over and dance. Bathing in moonlight makes them float.

