It is called the “Mirage Pokémon” because so few have seen it. Its shed skin has been found.

This POKéMON is full of life energy. It continually sheds its skin and grows steadily larger.

It is born large to start with. It repeatedly sheds its skin as it steadily grows longer.

It sheds many layers of skin as it grows larger. During this process, it is protected by a rapid waterfall.

It is called the Mirage Pokémon because so few have seen it, but its shed skin has been found.

Even the young can exceed 6.5 feet in length. It grows larger by repeatedly shedding skin.

DRATINI continually molts and sloughs off its old skin. It does so because the life energy within its body steadily builds to reach uncontrollable levels.

After a 10-hour struggle, a fisherman was able to pull one up and confirm its existence.

It grows by molting repeatedly. Boots made from the tanned cast-off skin are a super luxury item.

Dratini dwells near bodies of rapidly flowing water, such as the plunge pools of waterfalls. As it grows, Dratini will shed its skin many times.

A DRATINI continually molts and sloughs off its old skin. It does so because the life energy within its body steadily builds to reach uncontrollable levels.

It sheds its skin—almost on a daily basis—and grows larger. Its skin is soft just after it’s been shed.

Long considered a mythical POKéMON until recently when a small colony was found living underwater.

This Pokémon was long considered to be no more than a myth. The small lump on a Dratini’s forehead is actually a horn that’s still coming in.

Long considered a mythical POKéMON until recently, when a small colony was found living underwater.

Long thought to be a myth, this Pokémon’s existence was only recently confirmed by a fisherman who caught one.

The existence of this mythical POKéMON was only recently confirmed by a fisherman who caught one.

Dratini continually molts and sloughs off its old skin. It does so because the life energy within its body steadily builds to reach uncontrollable levels.

This Pokémon is full of life energy. It continually sheds its skin and grows steadily larger.

It’s still weak, so it lurks on the floor of bodies of water, eating whatever food sinks down and living a quiet life.

