It puts its prey to sleep and devours their dreams. It seems that bad dreams taste sour, so Drowzee doesn’t particularly like eating them.

It can be spotted near recreational facilities, intending to eat the pleasant dreams of children who enjoyed themselves there that day.

It remembers every dream it eats. It rarely eats the dreams of adults because children’s are much tastier.

When it twitches its nose, it can tell where someone is sleeping and what that person is dreaming about.

Puts enemies to sleep, then eats their dreams. Occasionally gets sick from eating only bad dreams.

If you think that you had a good dream but you can’t remember it, a DROWZEE has probably eaten it.

If you think that you had a good dream but you can’t remember it, a Drowzee has probably eaten it.

If your nose becomes itchy while you are sleeping, it’s a sure sign that one of these Pokémon is standing above your pillow and trying to eat your dream through your nostrils.

If you sleep by it all the time, it will sometimes show you dreams it has eaten in the past.

It finds really fun dreams tasty. When it makes friends with people, it may show them the most delicious dreams it’s ever eaten.

It can tell what people are dreaming by sniffing with its big nose. It loves fun dreams.

If your nose becomes itchy while you are sleeping, it’s a sure sign that one of these POKéMON is standing above your pillow and trying to eat your dream through your nostrils.

A descendent of the legendary animal baku, which is said to eat dreams. It is skilled at hypnotism.

If your nose becomes itchy while you are sleeping, it’s a sure sign that a DROWZEE is standing above your pillow and trying to eat your dream through your nostrils.

A Pokémon that nourishes itself by eating dreams, it is thought to share common ancestry with Munna and Musharna.

If you sleep by it all the time, it will sometimes show you dreams it had eaten in the past.

If you think that you had a good dream, but you can’t remember it, a DROWZEE has probably eaten it.

Puts enemies to sleep then eats their dreams. Occasionally gets sick from eating bad dreams.

