A team of triplets that can burrow over 60 MPH. Due to this, some people think it’s an earthquake.

Extremely powerful, they can DIG through even the hardest ground to a depth of over 60 miles.

A team of DIGLETT triplets. It triggers huge earthquakes by burrowing 60 miles underground.

DUGTRIO are actually triplets that emerged from one body. As a result, each triplet thinks exactly like the other two triplets. They work cooperatively to burrow endlessly.

These DIGLETT triplets dig over 60 miles below sea level. No one knows what it’s like underground.

This set of triplets moves cooperatively. It’s the power of teamwork that enables this Pokémon to dig to a depth of 60 miles.

In battle, it digs through the ground and strikes the unsuspecting foe from an unexpected direction.

These Diglett triplets dig over 60 miles below sea level. No one knows what it’s like underground.

Despite the closeness between this Pokémon and farmers and other people, no one has ever seen the parts of it concealed underground.

A team of Diglett triplets. It triggers huge earthquakes by burrowing 60 miles underground.

Extremely powerful, they can dig through even the hardest ground to a depth of over 60 miles.

Its three heads move alternately, driving it through tough soil to depths of over 60 miles.

Dugtrio are actually triplets that emerged from one body. As a result, each triplet thinks exactly like the other two triplets. They work cooperatively to burrow endlessly.

While the three of them normally get along splendidly, on rare occasions a huge fight will break out over which head gets to eat first.

A team of triplets that can burrow to a depth of 60 miles. It’s reported that this triggers an earthquake.

Its three heads bob separately up and down to loosen the soil nearby, making it easier for it to burrow.

Dugtrio’s heads are sleek and smooth and incredibly hard. It can dig through any soil with its headbutts.

Because the triplets originally split from one body, they think exactly alike. They work cooperatively to burrow endlessly through the ground.

