It has the ability to alter the composition of its body to suit its surrounding environment.

A rare Pokémon that adapts to harsh environments by taking on different evolutionary forms.

The question of why only Eevee has such unstable genes has still not been solved.

It can evolve into a variety of forms. Eevee’s genes are the key to solving the mysteries of Pokémon evolution.

Its genetic code is unstable, so it could evolve in a variety of ways. There are only a few alive.

Its irregularly configured DNA is affected by its surroundings. It evolves if its environment changes.

Its genes are easily influenced by its surroundings. Even its face starts to look like that of its Trainer.

Possessing an unbalanced and unstable genetic makeup, it conceals many possible evolutions.

Its genetic code is irregular. It may mutate if it is exposed to radiation from element STONEs.

An extremely rare POKéMON that may evolve in a number of different ways depending on stimuli.

An EEVEE has an unstable genetic makeup that suddenly mutates due to its environment. Radiation from various STONES causes this POKéMON to evolve.

Eevee has an unstable genetic makeup that suddenly mutates due to the environment in which it lives. Radiation from various stones causes this Pokémon to evolve.

Its genetic code is irregular. It may mutate if it is exposed to radiation from element stones.

EEVEE has an unstable genetic makeup that suddenly mutates due to the environment in which it lives. Radiation from various STONES causes this POKéMON to evolve.

Its ability to evolve into many forms allows it to adapt smoothly and perfectly to any environment.

Because its genetic makeup is irregular, it quickly changes its form due to a variety of causes.

Harbors the potential to evolve into manifold forms. Within Eevee lies the key to the mysteries of Pokémon evolution—I’m certain of it.

Current studies show it can evolve into an incredible eight different species of Pokémon.

Its genetic code is irregular. It may mutate if it is exposed to radiation from element STONES.

Thanks to its unstable genetic makeup, this special Pokémon conceals many different possible evolutions.

It is a rare Pokémon that adapts to harsh environments by changing its appearance and capabilities when it evolves.

