To steal the life of its target, it slips into the prey’s shadow and silently waits for an opportunity.

Under a full moon, this POKéMON likes to mimic the shadows of people and laugh at their fright.

A GENGAR is close by if you feel a sudden chill. It may be trying to lay a curse on you.

It hides in shadows. It is said that in rooms where Gengar is hiding, the temperature drops by nearly 10 degrees Fahrenheit.

Even your home isn’t safe. Gengar will lurk in whatever dark corner of a room it can find and wait for its chance to catch its prey.

Deep in the night, your shadow cast by a streetlight may suddenly overtake you. It is actually a GENGAR running past you, pretending to be your shadow.

It hides in shadows. It is said that if GENGAR is hiding, it cools the area by nearly 10 degrees F.

On the night of a full moon, if shadows move on their own and laugh, it must be GENGAR’s doing.

It steals heat from its surroundings. If you feel a sudden chill, it is certain that a GENGAR appeared.

The leer that floats in darkness belongs to a GENGAR delighting in casting curses on people.

It apparently wishes for a traveling companion. Since it was once human itself, it tries to create one by taking the lives of other humans.

Should you feel yourself attacked by a sudden chill, it is evidence of an approaching Gengar. There is no escaping it. Give up.

Hiding in people’s shadows at night, it absorbs their heat. The chill it causes makes the victims shake.

Possesses potential victims’ shadows in an effort to steal away the victims’ lives. If your shadow begins to laugh, you must take hold of a protective charm posthaste!

Sometimes, on a dark night, your shadow thrown by a streetlight will suddenly and startlingly overtake you. It is actually a Gengar running past you, pretending to be your shadow.

The leer that floats in darkness belongs to a Gengar delighting in casting curses on people.

Lurking in the shadowy corners of rooms, it awaits chances to steal its prey’s life-force.

It is said to emerge from darkness to steal the lives of those who become lost in mountains.

Lurking in the shadowy corners of rooms, it awaits chances to steal its prey’s life force.

Sometimes, on a dark night, your shadow thrown by a streetlight will suddenly and startlingly overtake you. It is actually a GENGAR running past you, pretending to be your shadow.

You can hear tales told all over the world about how Gengar will pay a visit to children who are naughty.

A Gengar is close by if you feel a sudden chill. It may be trying to lay a curse on you.

It hides in shadows. It is said that if Gengar is hiding, it cools the area by nearly 10 degrees Fahrenheit.

On the night of a full moon, if shadows move on their own and laugh, it must be Gengar’s doing.

