Its dorsal, pectoral, and tail fins wave elegantly in water. That is why it is known as the water dancer.

Its dorsal, pectoral, and tail fins wave elegantly in water. That is why it is known as the Water Dancer.

Goldeen loves swimming wild and free in rivers and ponds. If one of these Pokémon is placed in an aquarium, it will shatter even the thickest glass with one ram of its horn and make its escape.

Its dorsal and pectoral fins are strongly developed like muscles. It can swim at a speed of five knots.

Though it appears very elegant when swimming with fins unfurled, it can jab powerfully with its horn.

The way it swims along fluttering its dress-like fins has earned it the name “princess of the water.”

Its tail fin billows like an elegant ballroom dress, giving it the nickname of the Water Queen.

When the weather grows warm, they form groups and swim upriver. This sight serves as a poetic reminder that spring has arrived.

GOLDEEN is a very beautiful POKéMON with fins that billow elegantly in water. However, don’t let your guard down around this POKéMON - it could ram you powerfully with its horn.

Its tail fin billows like an elegant ballroom dress, giving it the nickname of “The Water Queen.”

It swims elegantly by flittering its tail fin as if it were a dress. It has the look of a queen.

When it is time for them to lay eggs, they can be seen swimming up rivers and falls in large groups.

Goldeen is a very beautiful Pokémon with fins that billow elegantly in water. However, don’t let your guard down around this Pokémon—it could ram you powerfully with its horn.

A strong swimmer, it is capable of swimming nonstop up fast streams at a steady speed of five knots.

During spawning season, they swim gracefully in the water, searching for their perfect mate.

Although known for their splendid tail fins, Goldeen apparently compete among themselves to see whose horn is thickest and sharpest.

GOLDEEN loves swimming wild and free in rivers and ponds. If one of these POKéMON is placed in an aquarium, it will shatter even the thickest glass with one ram of its horn and make its escape.

It swims at a steady 5 knots. If it senses danger, it will strike back with its sharp horn.

In the springtime, schools of GOLDEEN can be seen swimming up falls and rivers. It metes out staggering damage with its single horn.

It swims at a steady five knots. If it senses danger, it will strike back with its sharp horn.

Spellbound by the length of its horn and the beauty of its fins, many strange Trainers raise Goldeen and nothing but Goldeen.

A strong swimmer, it is capable of swimming nonstop up fast streams at a steady speed of five knots per hour.

Its dorsal, pectoral and tail fins wave elegantly in water. That is why it is known as the water dancer.

