It sheds its hide once a year. Its boulderlike body is so tough, even dynamite can’t harm it.

It is said to live in volcanic craters on mountain peaks. Once a year, it sheds its hide and grows larger. The shed hide crumbles and returns to the soil.

When Golem grow old, they stop shedding their shells. Those that have lived a long, long time have shells green with moss.

Its rock-like body is so durable, even high-powered dynamite blasts fail to scratch its rugged hide.

Even dynamite can’t harm its hard, boulder-like body. It sheds its hide just once a year.

It detonates its own body. The power from that explosion can propel it up steep mountain paths with amazing speed.

The rocklike shell is shed each year. The cast-off shell then crumbles, reverting to a mass of soil, which can be spread across fields to promote crop growth.

Once a year, this Pokémon molts, and its shed shell returns to the soil. This process creates enriched soil, so farmers collect the shells.

Its boulder-like body is extremely hard. It can easily withstand dynamite blasts without taking damage.

It is capable of blowing itself up. It uses this explosive force to jump from mountain to mountain.

Its body can survive dynamite blasts without a single scratch, but it hates rain and humidity.

It sheds its skin once a year. The discarded shell immediately hardens and crumbles away.

Golem live up on mountains. If there is a large earthquake, these Pokémon will come rolling down off the mountains en masse to the foothills below.

Golem is known for rolling down from mountains. To prevent them from rolling into the homes of people downhill, grooves have been dug into the sides of mountains to serve as guideways for diverting this Pokémon’s course.

It sheds its hide once a year. Its boulder-like body is so tough, even dynamite can’t harm it.

Once it sheds its skin, its body turns tender and whitish. Its hide hardens when it’s exposed to air.

GOLEM is known for rolling down from mountains. To prevent them from rolling into the homes of people downhill, grooves have been dug into the sides of mountains to serve as guideways for diverting this POKéMON’s course.

GOLEM live up on mountains. If there is a large earthquake, these POKéMON will come rolling down off the mountains en masse to the foothills below.

It is enclosed in a hard shell that is as rugged as slabs of rock. It sheds skin once a year to grow larger.

Even dynamite can’t harm its hard, boulderlike body. It sheds its hide just once a year.

It tumbles down mountains, leaving grooves from peak to base. Stay clear of these grooves.

Its boulder-like body is extremely hard. It can easily withstand dynamite blasts without damage.

