It rolls on mountain paths to move. Once it builds momentum, no Pokémon can stop it without difficulty.

Dwells in holes dug into sheer walls of stone. It enjoys rolling down slopes as though it were a boulder during a rockfall, so keep an eye upward while traversing mountain roads.

GRAVELER grows by feeding on rocks. Apparently, it prefers to eat rocks that are covered in moss. This POKéMON eats its way through a ton of rocks on a daily basis.

GRAVELER make their homes on sheer cliff faces by gouging out numerous horizontal holes.

It climbs up cliffs as it heads toward the peak of a mountain. As soon as it reaches the summit, it rolls back down the way it came.

Graveler grows by feeding on rocks. Apparently, it prefers to eat rocks that are covered in moss. This Pokémon eats its way through a ton of rocks on a daily basis.

Mossy rocks are its favorite food. It can devour a ton a day while crunching loudly.

Rocks are Graveler’s favorite food. This Pokémon will climb a mountain from the base to the summit, crunchingly feasting on rocks all the while. Upon reaching the peak, it rolls back down to the bottom.

Often seen rolling down mountain trails. Obstacles are just things to roll straight over, not avoid.

They descend from mountains by tumbling down steep slopes. They are so brutal, they smash aside obstructing trees and massive boulders with thunderous tackles.

It travels by rolling down cliffs. If it falls into a river, it will explode with its last gasp.

It tumbles down slopes, heedless of any body parts chipping off. It eats a ton of rocks daily.

A slow walker, it rolls to move. It pays no attention to any object that happens to be in its path.

Graveler make their homes on sheer cliff faces that have numerous holes in them.

Be careful while hiking on mountain trails. GRAVELER may come rolling down the path without slowing.

This slow-footed Pokémon moves by curling up and rolling instead of walking. With enough momentum, its speed can exceed 60 mph.

It travels by rolling on mountain paths. If it gains too much speed, it stops by running into huge rocks.

With a free and uncaring nature, it doesn’t mind if pieces break off while it rolls down mountains.

Rocks are GRAVELER’s favorite food. This POKéMON will climb a mountain from the base to the summit, crunchingly feasting on rocks all the while. Upon reaching the peak, it rolls back down to the bottom.

Rolls down slopes to move. It rolls over any obstacle without slowing or changing its direction.

