As it moves, it loses bits of its body, from which new GRIMER emerge. This worsens the stench around it.

Made of congealed sludge. It smells too putrid to touch. Even weeds won’t grow in its path.

Its main source of food is the slimy industrial waste of factories. This Pokémon’s numbers have been decreasing in recent years.

Sludge exposed to X rays from the moon transformed into GRIMER. It loves feeding on filthy things.

Appears in filthy areas. Thrives by sucking up polluted sludge that is pumped out of factories.

GRIMER emerged from the sludge that settled on a polluted seabed. This POKéMON loves anything filthy. It constantly leaks a horribly germ-infested fluid from all over its body.

Born from polluted sludge in the sea, GRIMER’s favorite food is anything filthy. They feed on wastewater pumped out from factories.

Born from sludge, these Pokémon now gather in polluted places and increase the bacteria in their bodies.

Grimer emerged from the sludge that settled on a polluted seabed. This Pokémon loves anything filthy. It constantly leaks a horribly germ-infested fluid from all over its body.

The wastewater coming from factories is clean these days, so Grimer have nothing to eat. They’re said to be on the verge of extinction.

When two of these Pokémon’s bodies are combined together, new poisons are created.

As it moves, it loses bits of its body from which new GRIMER emerge. This worsens the stench around it.

It was born from sludge on the ocean floor. In a sterile environment, the germs within its body can’t multiply, and it dies.

Wherever GRIMER has passed, so many germs are left behind that no plants will ever grow again.

When two of these POKéMON’s bodies are combined together, new poisons are created.

Made of hardened sludge. It smells too putrid to touch. Even weeds won’t grow in its path.

It was born when sludge in a dirty stream was exposed to the moon’s X-rays. It appears among filth.

Grimer’s sludgy and rubbery body can be forced through any opening, however small it may be. This Pokémon enters sewer pipes to drink filthy wastewater.

Sludge exposed to X-rays from the moon transformed into Grimer. It loves feeding on filthy things.

It was born from sludge transformed by exposure to X-rays from the moon. When its internal load of germs decreases, it dies.

GRIMER’s sludgy and rubbery body can be forced through any opening, however small it may be. This POKéMON enters sewer pipes to drink filthy wastewater.

Appears in filthy areas. It thrives by sucking up polluted sludge that is pumped out of factories.

