It is very protective of its territory. It will bark and bite to repel intruders from its space.

Extremely loyal, it will fearlessly bark at any opponent to protect its own Trainer from harm.

Extremely loyal, it will fearlessly bark at any opponent to protect its own trainer from harm.

It controls a big territory. If it detects an unknown smell, it roars loudly to force out the intruder.

Very friendly and faithful to people. It will try to repel enemies by barking and biting.

It is a Pokémon with a loyal nature. It will remain motionless until it is given an order by its Trainer.

It’s very friendly and faithful to people. It will try to repel enemies by barking and biting.

Its superb sense of smell ensures that this POKéMON won’t forget any scent, no matter what. It uses its sense of smell to detect the emotions of others.

A Pokémon with a loyal nature. It will remain motionless until it is given an order by its Trainer.

While it’s quite friendly toward humans once it’s grown used to them, in the wild it must be quite fierce to defend its territory from Rockruff.

A Pokémon with a friendly nature. However, it will bark fiercely at anything invading its territory.

It has lived alongside humans since ages ago. Its bones have been found in excavations of ruins from the Stone Age.

Growlithe has a superb sense of smell. Once it smells anything, this Pokémon won’t forget the scent, no matter what. It uses its advanced olfactory sense to determine the emotions of other living things.

It looks cute, but when you approach another Trainer’s Growlithe, it will bark at you and bite.

Extremely loyal to its Trainer, it will bark at those who approach the Trainer unexpectedly and run them out of town.

It’s both clever and loyal, but if a stranger tries to invade its territory, it barks threateningly.

It has a brave and trustworthy nature. It fearlessly stands up to bigger and stronger foes.

Very protective of its territory. It will bark and bite to repel intruders from its space.

A POKéMON with a friendly nature. However, it will bark fiercely at anything invading its territory.

GROWLITHE has a superb sense of smell. Once it smells anything, this POKéMON won’t forget the scent, no matter what. It uses its advanced olfactory sense to determine the emotions of other living things.

