In ancient literature, there is a record of a GYARADOS that razed a village when violence flared.

In ancient literature, there is a record of a Gyarados that razed a village when violence flared.

It fires hyper beams in all directions, burning the surrounding area to ash. There are some regions where it’s called “the deity of destruction.”

It has an extremely aggressive nature. The Hyper Beam it shoots from its mouth totally incinerates all targets.

The energy from evolution stimulated its brain cells strongly, causing it to become very ferocious.

Once it begins to rampage, a GYARADOS will burn everything down, even in a harsh storm.

Once Gyarados goes on a rampage, its ferociously violent blood doesn’t calm until it has burned everything down. There are records of this Pokémon’s rampages lasting a whole month.

Once it appears, it goes on a rampage. It remains enraged until it demolishes everything around it.

Once Gyarados appears, its rage never settles until the Pokémon has razed the fields and mountains around it.

They say that during past wars, GYARADOS would appear and leave blazing ruins in its wake.

Brutally vicious and enormously destructive. Known for totally destroying cities in ancient times.

I suspect this Pokémon to be the true identity of a dragon written of in ancient texts, which claimed that it razed an entire village with white-hot beams from its maw.

It is an extremely vicious and violent POKéMON. When humans begin to fight, it will appear and burn everything to the ground with intensely hot flames.

There are people who swear that any place Gyarados appears is fated for destruction.

Rarely seen in the wild. Huge and vicious, it is capable of destroying entire cities in a rage.

It has an extremely aggressive nature. The HYPER BEAM it shoots from its mouth totally incinerates all targets.

When Magikarp evolves into Gyarados, its brain cells undergo a structural transformation. It is said that this transformation is to blame for this Pokémon’s wildly violent nature.

Once GYARADOS goes on a rampage, its ferociously violent blood doesn’t calm until it has burned everything down. There are records of this POKéMON’s rampages lasting a whole month.

It appears whenever there is world conflict, burning down any place it travels through.

A tale is told of a town that angered Gyarados. Before the sun rose the next day, flames utterly consumed the town, leaving not a trace behind.

Once it appears, its rage never settles until it has razed the fields and mountains around it.

When MAGIKARP evolves into GYARADOS, its brain cells undergo a structural transformation. It is said that this transformation is to blame for this POKéMON’s wildly violent nature.

They say that during past strife, GYARADOS would appear and leave blazing ruins in its wake.

Once it begins to rampage, a Gyarados will burn everything down, even in a harsh storm.

