By licking, it saps the victim’s life. It causes shaking that won’t stop until the victim’s demise.

It strikes at humans from total darkness. Those licked by its cold tongue grow weaker with each passing day until they die.

In total darkness, where nothing is visible, Haunter lurks, silently stalking its next victim.

Its tongue is made of gas. If licked, its victim starts shaking constantly until death eventually comes.

If a HAUNTER beckons you while it is floating in darkness, don’t approach it. This POKéMON will try to lick you with its tongue and steal your life away.

It licks with its gaseous tongue to steal its victim’s life-force. It lurks in darkness, waiting for prey.

It likes to lurk in the dark and tap shoulders with a gaseous hand. Its touch causes endless shuddering.

Haunter is a dangerous Pokémon. If one beckons you while floating in darkness, you must never approach it. This Pokémon will try to lick you with its tongue and steal your life away.

It hides in the dark, planning to take the life of the next living thing that wanders close by.

If you get the feeling of being watched in darkness when nobody is around, Haunter is there.

HAUNTER is a dangerous POKéMON. If one beckons you while floating in darkness, you must never approach it. This POKéMON will try to lick you with its tongue and steal your life away.

Because of its ability to slip through block walls, it is said to be from another dimension.

On moonless nights, Haunter searches for someone to curse, so it’s best not to go out walking around.

This frightful, malevolent spirit can glide through walls, appearing wherever it likes. According to rumor, victims of a Haunter’s lick will wither to death day by day.

It’s dangerous to go outside alone on nights when you’re feeling sad. Haunter will catch you, and you won’t be able to go back home.

It can slip through any obstacle. It lurks inside walls to keep an eye on its foes.

It licks with its gaseous tongue to steal the victim’s life force. It lurks in darkness for prey.

If you get the feeling of being watched in darkness when nobody is around, HAUNTER is there.

In total darkness, where nothing is visible, HAUNTER lurks, silently stalking its next victim.

It fears the light and revels in the dark. It may be on the verge of extinction in cities that stay brightly lit at night.

