Every hair on its body starts to stand sharply on end if it becomes charged with electricity.

It accumulates negative ions in the atmosphere to blast out 10,000-volt lightning bolts.

A sensitive POKéMON that easily becomes sad or angry. Every time its mood changes, it charges power.

If it is angered or startled, the fur all over its body bristles like sharp needles that pierce foes.

Its fur stands on end, becoming like needles it fires at enemies. Once they’re weakened, it finishes them off with a 10,000 volt shock.

By storing electricity in its body, it can shoot its bristlelike fur like a barrage of missiles.

If agitated, it uses electricity to straighten out its fur and launch it in small bunches.

Bristles its fur into sharp, needlelike points when enraged. One can hear electricity crackle in its breath when it exhales.

Jolteon’s cells generate a low level of electricity. This power is amplified by the static electricity of its fur, enabling the Pokémon to drop thunderbolts. The bristling fur is made of electrically charged needles.

They send out electrical charges of about 10,000 volts. Because they are high-strung, it can be difficult to grow close to them.

It accumulates negative ions in the atmosphere to blast out 10000-volt lightning bolts.

Its lungs contain an organ that creates electricity. The crackling sound of electricity can be heard when it exhales.

It concentrates the weak electric charges emitted by its cells and launches wicked lightning bolts.

Its cells generate weak power that is amplified by its fur’s static electricity to drop thunderbolts. The bristling fur is made of electrically charged needles.

It controls 10,000-volt power. When the fur covering its body stands on end, the fur is hard and sharp, like needles.

When its fur stands on end, that’s a sign it’s about to give off a jolt of electricity. Take care, as sometimes lightning strikes next to it, too.

The negatively charged ions generated in its fur create a constant sparking noise.

A sensitive Pokémon that easily becomes sad or angry. Every time its mood changes, it charges power.

JOLTEON’s cells generate a low level of electricity. This power is amplified by the static electricity of its fur, enabling the POKéMON to drop thunderbolts. The bristling fur is made of electrically charged needles.

It controls 10,000-volt power and can raise all the fur on its body as if it were sharp needles.

