It is extremely ill-tempered. Groups of them will attack any handy target for no reason.

An agile Pokémon that lives in trees. It angers easily and will not hesitate to attack anything.

Light and agile on its feet, and ferocious in temperament. When angered, it flies into an uncontrollable frenzy.

Extremely quick to anger. It could be docile one moment then thrashing away the next instant.

It lives in treetop colonies. If one becomes enraged, the whole colony rampages for no reason.

When it starts shaking and its nasal breathing turns rough, it’s a sure sign of anger. However, since this happens instantly, there is no time to flee.

When Mankey starts shaking and its nasal breathing turns rough, it’s a sure sign that it is becoming angry. However, because it goes into a towering rage almost instantly, it is impossible for anyone to flee its wrath.

If one gets angry, all the others around it will get angry, so silence is a rare visitor in a troop of Mankey.

Extremely quick to anger. It could be docile one moment, then thrashing away the next instant.

The smallest of things could cause it to lose its temper. Because it doesn’t hold in its stress, this Pokémon can live a long time.

It lives in treetop colonies. If one member of the group becomes enraged, the whole colony rampages for no reason.

When MANKEY starts shaking and its nasal breathing turns rough, it’s a sure sign that it is becoming angry. However, because it goes into a towering rage almost instantly, it is impossible for anyone to flee its wrath.

It can spontaneously become enraged. Everyone near it clears out as it rampages, and the resulting loneliness makes it angrier still.

Its raging tires it out and causes it to fall asleep, but the anger resonating in its dreams causes it to wake up—which infuriates it all over again.

An agile POKéMON that lives in trees. It angers easily and will not hesitate to attack anything.

It is extremely quick to anger. It could be docile one moment, then thrashing away the next instant.

It’s unsafe to approach if it gets violently enraged for no reason and can’t distinguish friends from foes.

It lives in groups in the treetops. If it loses sight of its group, it becomes infuriated by its loneliness.

