On sunny days, schools of Mantine can be seen elegantly leaping over the sea’s waves. This Pokémon is not bothered by the Remoraid that hitches rides.

When the waves are calm, one may encounter a swarm of Mantine swimming as if they are in flight.

On sunny days, schools of MANTINE can be seen elegantly leaping over the waves. It is not bothered by the REMORAID that hitches rides.

It swims elegantly, mindless of REMORAID hitching on to its broad fins. It has a docile nature.

While elegantly swimming in the sea, it ignores Remoraid that cling to its fins seeking food scraps.

It swims elegantly, mindless of Remoraid hitching onto its broad fins. It is naturally docile.

Many people have taken up surfing because they admire how magnificently Mantine swims.

As it majestically swims, it doesn’t care if Remoraid attach to it to scavenge for its leftovers.

When the waves are calm, one may encounter a swarm of MANTINE swimming as if they are in flight.

Postcards and posters featuring Mantine leaping elegantly above the waves are popular souvenirs of Alola.

If it builds up enough speed swimming, it can jump out above the waves and glide for over 300 feet.

While elegantly swimming in the sea, it ignores REMORAID that cling to its fins seeking food scraps.

As it majestically swims, it doesn’t care if REMORAID attach to it for scavenging its leftovers.

As it majestically swims, it doesn’t care if REMORAID attach to it to scavenge for its leftovers.

This calm and gentle Pokémon swims gracefully through the sea. After building speed, it can leap out of the water. It is often misidentified as a bird Pokémon due to this behavior.

If it builds up enough speed swimming, it can fly over 300 feet out of the water from the surface of the ocean.

On sunny days, schools of MANTINE can be seen elegantly leaping over the sea’s waves. This POKéMON is not bothered by the REMORAID that hitches rides.

It swims along freely, eating things that swim into its mouth. Its whole body is very coarse.

Swimming freely in open seas, it may fly out of the water and over the waves if it builds up enough speed.

