MARILL’s oil-filled tail acts much like a life preserver. If you see just its tail bobbing on the water’s surface, it’s a sure indication that this POKéMON is diving beneath the water to feed on aquatic plants.

The oil-filled tail functions as a buoy, so it’s fine even in rivers with strong currents.

The fur on its body naturally repels water. It can stay dry, even when it plays in the water.

The oil-filled end of its tail floats on water. It keeps MARILL from drowning even in a strong current.

Even after Marill swims in a cold sea, its water- repellent fur dries almost as soon as Marill leaves the water. That’s why this Pokémon is never cold.

Using its tail as a float, it dives underwater. It likes eating plants that grow in riverbeds.

The tip of its tail is filled with oil that is lighter than water, so it acts as a float.

Marill’s oil-filled tail acts much like a life preserver. If you see just its tail bobbing on the water’s surface, it’s a sure indication that this Pokémon is diving beneath the water to feed on aquatic plants.

The tip of its tail, which contains oil that is lighter than water, lets it swim without drowning.

The end of its tail serves as a buoy that keeps it from drowning, even in a vicious current.

Using its tail as a float, it dives underwater. It likes eating plants that grow on river bottoms.

When fishing for food at the edge of a fast-running stream, Marill wraps its tail around the trunk of a tree. This Pokémon’s tail is flexible and configured to stretch.

Its body is covered with water-repellent fur. Because of the fur, it can swim through water at high speed without being slowed by the water’s resistance.

When fishing for food at the edge of a fast-running stream, MARILL wraps its tail around the trunk of a tree. This POKéMON’s tail is flexible and configured to stretch.

The fur on its body naturally repels water. It can stay dry even when it plays in the water.

The oil-filled end of its tail floats on water. It keeps Marill from drowning even in a strong current.

This Pokémon uses its round tail as a float. The ball of Marill’s tail is filled with nutrients that have been turned into an oil.

