It loves anything that shines. It especially adores coins that it picks up and secretly hoards.

Meowth withdraws its sharp claws into its paws to slinkily sneak about without making any incriminating footsteps. For some reason, this Pokémon loves shiny coins that glitter with light.

MEOWTH withdraws its sharp claws into its paws to slinkily sneak about without making any incriminating footsteps. For some reason, this POKéMON loves shiny coins that glitter with light.

Adores round objects. It wanders the streets on a nightly basis to look for dropped loose change.

It lies around all day, becoming active near dusk. At night, it wanders the city in search of loose change.

It is nocturnal in nature. If it spots something shiny, its eyes glitter brightly.

MEOWTH withdraw their sharp claws into their paws to silently sneak about. For some reason, this POKéMON loves shiny coins that glitter with light.

It loves to collect shiny things. If it’s in a good mood, it might even let its Trainer have a look at its hoard of treasures.

It loves shiny things. It often fights with Murkrow over prey they’re both trying to catch.

All it does is sleep during the daytime. At night, it patrols its territory with its eyes aglow.

It loves coins, so if you give it one, you can make friends with Meowth easily. But it’s fickle, so you can’t count on that friendship lasting.

Appears to be more active at night. It loves round and shiny things. It can’t stop itself from picking them up.

It is fascinated by round objects. It can’t stop playing with them until it tires and falls asleep.

It loves things that sparkle. When it sees a shiny object, the gold coin on its head shines too.

When visiting a junkyard, you may catch sight of it having an intense fight with Murkrow over shiny objects.

It washes its face regularly to keep the coin on its forehead spotless. It doesn’t get along with Galarian Meowth.

Appears to be more active at night. It loves round and shiny things. It can’t stop from picking them up.

Adores circular objects. Wanders the streets on a nightly basis to look for dropped loose change.

It is nocturnal by nature. If it spots something shiny, its eyes glitter as brightly as the shiny object.

It loves things that sparkle. When it sees a shiny object, the gold coin on its head shines, too.

