It adores magnetic minerals, so it pursues Nosepass at speeds exceeding 60 mph.

When two BELDUM fuse together, METANG is formed. The brains of the BELDUM are joined by a magnetic nervous system. By linking its brains magnetically, this POKéMON generates strong psychokinetic power.

It is formed by two BELDUM joining together. Its steel body won’t be scratched if it collides with a jet.

When two BELDUM fuse together, a magnetic nervous system places their brains in union.

When two Beldum fuse together, Metang is formed. The brains of the Beldum are joined by a magnetic nervous system. By linking its brains magnetically, this Pokémon generates strong psychokinetic power.

With its two brains, it fires powerful psychic energy to stop its prey in their tracks.

When two Beldum fuse together, Metang is formed. The brains of the Beldum are joined by a magnetic nervous system. This Pokémon turns its arms to the rear for traveling at high speed.

It flies at high speeds around the skies. When it finds its prey, Metang takes a firm grip with its sharp claws and never lets go.

Using magnetic forces to stay aloft, this Pokémon flies at high speeds, weaving through harsh mountain terrain in pursuit of prey.

The claws tipping its arms pack the destructive power to tear through thick iron sheets as if they were silk. It flies at over 60 miles per hour.

When two Beldum link together, their psychic power is doubled. Their intelligence, however, remains unchanged.

It floats midair using magnetism. Its body is so tough, even a crash with a jet plane won’t leave a scratch.

Two Beldum have become stuck together via their own magnetic forces. With two brains, the resulting Metang has doubled psychic powers.

It is formed by two Beldum joining together. Its steel body won’t be scratched if it collides with a jet.

It is formed by two Beldum joining together. Its two brains are linked, amplifying its psychic power.

When two BELDUM fuse together, METANG is formed. The brains of the BELDUM are joined by a magnetic nervous system. This POKéMON turns its arms to the rear for traveling at high speed.

