Milotic live at the bottom of large lakes. When this Pokémon’s body glows a vivid pink, it releases a pulsing wave of energy that brings soothing calm to troubled hearts.

It lives at the bottom of clear lakes. In times of war, it shows itself, which soothes people’s minds and hearts.

MILOTIC is said to be the most beautiful of all the POKéMON. It has the power to becalm such emotions as anger and hostility to quell bitter feuding.

Milotic is said to be the most beautiful of all the Pokémon. It has the power to becalm such emotions as anger and hostility to quell bitter feuding.

It is said to live at the bottom of large lakes. Considered to be the most beautiful of all POKéMON, it has been depicted in paintings and statues.

It is the world’s most beautiful Pokémon. There are many works of art featuring MILOTIC.

It’s said that a glimpse of a MILOTIC and its beauty will calm any hostile emotions you’re feeling.

MILOTIC is breathtakingly beautiful. Those that see it are said to forget their combative spirits.

Its lovely scales are described as rainbow colored. They change color depending on the viewing angle.

Milotic is breathtakingly beautiful. Those that see it are said to forget their combative spirits.

Milotic has provided inspiration to many artists. It has even been referred to as the most beautiful Pokémon of all.

Its dwelling place is the bottom of big lakes. Those who behold its loveliness are said to have their hearts purified.

While Milotic is said to be the most beautiful Pokémon, Trainers who like Feebas and have raised it are seemingly disappointed by Milotic.

It’s said that a glimpse of a Milotic and its beauty will calm any hostile emotions you’re feeling.

It is the world’s most beautiful Pokémon. There are many works of art featuring Milotic.

MILOTIC live at the bottom of large lakes. When this POKéMON’s body glows a vivid pink, it releases a pulsing wave of energy that brings soothing calm to restless spirits.

When people bicker, it is said to arise from the depths of lakes to becalm violent hearts.

