It’s so stinky! Muk’s body contains toxic elements, and any plant will wilt when it passes by.

From MUK’s body seeps a foul fluid that gives off a nose-bendingly horrible stench. Just one drop of this POKéMON’s body fluid can turn a pool stagnant and rancid.

From Muk’s body seeps a foul fluid that gives off a nose-bendingly horrible stench. Just one drop of this Pokémon’s body fluid can turn a pool stagnant and rancid.

Thickly covered with a filthy, vile sludge. It is so toxic, even its footprints contain poison.

It is usually undetectable because it blends in with the ground. Touching it can cause terrible poisoning.

Smells so awful, it can cause fainting. Through degeneration of its nose, it lost its sense of smell.

As it moves, a very strong poison leaks from it, making the ground there barren for three years.

A toxic fluid seeps from its body. The fluid kills plants and trees immediately upon contact.

They love to gather in smelly areas where sludge accumulates, making the stench around them worse.

This Pokémon’s favorite food is anything that is repugnantly filthy. In dirty towns where people think nothing of throwing away litter on the streets, Muk are certain to gather.

A toxic fluid seeps from its body. The fluid instantly kills plants and trees on contact.

This POKéMON’s favorite food is anything that is repugnantly filthy. In dirty towns where people think nothing of throwing away litter on the streets, MUK are certain to gather.

It prefers warm and humid habitats. In the summertime, the toxic substances in its body intensify, making MUK reek like putrid kitchen garbage.

After recent environmental improvements, this Pokémon is now hardly seen at all. People speculate that it may go extinct at some point.

Its body is made of a powerful poison. Touching it accidentally will cause a fever that requires bed rest.

Because they scatter germs everywhere, they’ve long been targeted for extermination, leading to a steep decline in their population.

Their food sources have decreased, and their numbers have declined sharply. Sludge ponds are being built to prevent their extinction.

Smells so awful, it can cause fainting. Through degeneration, it lost its sense of smell.

The stench it gives off will make your nose scrunch up. Still, there are Muk fans who think that’s a good thing.

It’s thickly covered with a filthy, vile sludge. It is so toxic, even its footprints contain poison.

