A Pokémon that was resurrected from a fossil using modern science. It swam in ancient seas.

A prehistoric Pokémon that lived in the primordial sea, it swims by twisting its 10 tentacles about.

A prehistoric POKéMON that lived in the primordial sea, it swims by twisting its 10 tentacles about.

Although long extinct, in rare cases, it can be genetically resurrected from fossils.

Because some Omanyte manage to escape after being restored or are released into the wild by people, this species is becoming a problem.

An ancient Pokémon that was recovered from a fossil. It swam by cleverly twisting its 10 tentacles about.

Revived from an ancient fossil, this Pokémon uses air stored in its shell to sink and rise in water.

One of the ancient and long-since-extinct POKéMON that have been regenerated from fossils by humans. If attacked, it withdraws into its hard shell.

This Pokémon is a member of an ancient, extinct species. Omanyte paddles through water with its 10 tentacles, looking like it’s just drifting along.

OMANYTE is one of the ancient and long-since-extinct POKéMON that have been regenerated from fossils by people. If attacked by an enemy, it withdraws itself inside its hard shell.

It’s a Pokémon that was resurrected from a fossil using modern science. It swam in ancient seas.

This Pokémon from ancient times is said to have navigated the sea by adeptly twisting its 10 tentacles.

This POKéMON from ancient times is said to have navigated the sea by adeptly twisting its 10 tentacles.

Omanyte lived in the seas of antiquity. Its fossils have been found bearing bite marks from Archeops, so apparently Archeops preyed on it.

In prehistoric times, it swam on the sea floor, eating plankton. Its fossils are sometimes found.

An ancient POKéMON that was recovered from a fossil. It swims by cleverly twisting its 10 tentacles about.

It was restored from an ancient fossil. Those Helix Fossils are excavated from areas that were once oceans long, long ago.

Omanyte is one of the ancient and long-since-extinct Pokémon that have been regenerated from fossils by people. If attacked by an enemy, it withdraws itself inside its hard shell.

Although long extinct, in rare cases, it can be genetically regenerated from fossils.

Revived from an ancient fossil, this POKéMON uses air stored in its shell to sink and rise in water.

