The tochukaso growing on this POKéMON’s back orders it to extract juice from tree trunks.

Paras has parasitic mushrooms growing on its back called tochukaso. They grow large by drawing nutrients from this Bug Pokémon host. They are highly valued as a medicine for extending life.

Mushrooms called tochukaso sprout from its back. They can be dried and powdered to make a medicine used to extend life.

Mushrooms named tochukaso grow on its back. They grow along with the host PARAS.

Burrows under the ground to gnaw on tree roots. The mushrooms on its back absorb most of the nutrition.

It is doused with mushroom spores when it is born. As its body grows, mushrooms sprout from its back.

Whether it’s due to a lack of moisture or a lack of nutrients, in Alola the mushrooms on Paras don’t grow up quite right.

Burrows to suck tree roots. The mushrooms on its back grow by drawing nutrients from the bug host.

A PARAS has parasitic tochukaso mushrooms growing on its back. They grow by drawing nutrients from the host. They are valued as a medicine for long life.

As its body grows, large mushrooms named tochukaso start sprouting out of its back.

Growing out of the bug’s back are mushrooms called tochukaso. The mushrooms grow with the bug host.

No matter how much it eats, the mushrooms growing on its back steal away most of the nutrients it consumes.

As its body grows large, oriental mushrooms named tochukaso start sprouting out of its back.

Sometimes seen at the foot of trees in humid forests. The mushrooms on its back—called tochukaso—are not present on infant specimens and instead emerge as Paras matures.

The mushrooms, known as tochukaso, are controlling the bug. Even if the bug bugs the mushrooms, they tell it to bug off.

PARAS has parasitic mushrooms growing on its back called tochukaso. They grow large by drawing nutrients from this BUG POKéMON host. They are highly valued as a medicine for extending life.

PARAS has parasitic mushrooms growing on its back called tochukaso. They grow large by drawing nutrients from the BUG POKéMON host. They are highly valued as a medicine for extending life.

Mushrooms named tochukaso grow on its back. They grow along with the host Paras.

