It has a high opinion of itself, although not to the same extent as the Alolan Persian. It’s quite difficult to make friends with this Pokémon.

Its lithe muscles allow it to walk without making a sound. It attacks in an instant.

It has a vicious temperament. Beware if it raises its tail straight up. This is a signal that it is about to pounce and bite.

Has a vicious temperament. Beware if it raises its tail straight up. It is a signal that it is about to pounce and bite.

The gem in its forehead glows on its own! It walks with all the grace and elegance of a proud queen.

Many adore it for its sophisticated air. However, it will lash out and scratch for little reason.

Although the jewel on its forehead appears to be a different color than those of Alolan Persian, it’s mostly made of the same material.

Persian has six bold whiskers that give it a look of toughness. The whiskers sense air movements to determine what is in the Pokémon’s surrounding vicinity. It becomes docile if grabbed by the whiskers.

A very haughty Pokémon. Among fans, the size of the jewel in its forehead is a topic of much talk.

Its elegant and refined behavior clashes with that of the barbaric Perrserker. The relationship between the two is one of mutual disdain.

This Pokémon is popular with rich people. It’s also targeted by hunters who are after the jewel in its forehead.

Behind its lithe, elegant appearance lies a barbaric side. It will tear apart its prey on a mere whim.

Although its fur has many admirers, it is tough to raise as a pet because of its fickle meanness.

A PERSIAN’s six bold whiskers sense air movements to determine what is in its vicinity. It becomes docile if grabbed by the whiskers.

It has a violent temperament. It will attack anything that looks it in the eye. Its sharp claws inflict deep wounds.

Getting this prideful Pokémon to warm up to you takes a lot of effort, and it will claw at you the moment it gets annoyed.

PERSIAN has six bold whiskers that give it a look of toughness. The whiskers sense air movements to determine what is in the POKéMON’s surrounding vicinity. It becomes docile if grabbed by the whiskers.

It is a very haughty Pokémon. Among fans of Persian, the size of the jewel in its forehead is a topic of much talk.

