A swimmer adept at both the front crawl and breaststroke. Easily overtakes the best human swimmers.

It can use its well-developed arms and legs to run on the surface of the water for a split second.

Swims powerfully using all the muscles in its body. It can even overtake champion swimmers.

Poliwrath is skilled at both swimming and martial arts. It uses its well-trained arms to dish out powerful punches.

Poliwrath in the Alola region are strong swimmers that use the breaststroke. Many children learn to swim by imitating Poliwrath.

The muscles it has developed through swimming are thick and powerful. When it lands a square punch, it can turn huge boulders to dust.

It’s quite a gifted swimmer, even among Water-type Pokémon, but it normally spends its time on land.

Although an energetic, skilled swimmer that uses all of its muscles, it lives on dry land.

Its body is solid muscle. When swimming through cold seas, Poliwrath uses its impressive arms to smash through drift ice and plow forward.

This strong and skilled swimmer is even capable of crossing the Pacific Ocean just by kicking.

POLIWRATH’s highly developed, brawny muscles never grow fatigued, however much it exercises. It is so tirelessly strong, this POKéMON can swim back and forth across the Pacific Ocean without effort.

Its percentage of body fat is nearly zero. Its body is entirely muscle, which makes it heavy and forces its swimming prowess to develop.

An adept swimmer, it knows the front crawl, butterfly, and more. It is faster than the best human swimmers.

Its highly developed muscles never grow fatigued, however much it exercises. This POKéMON can swim back and forth across the Pacific Ocean without effort.

An adept swimmer at both the front crawl and breast stroke. Easily overtakes the best human swimmers.

Poliwrath’s highly developed, brawny muscles never grow fatigued, however much it exercises. It is so tirelessly strong, this Pokémon can swim back and forth across the ocean without effort.

Swims powerfully using all the muscles in its body. It can even overtake world-class swimmers.

With its extremely tough muscles, it could keep swimming in the Pacific Ocean without resting.

With its extremely tough muscles, it can keep swimming in the Pacific Ocean without resting.

