Ponyta is very weak at birth. It can barely stand up. This Pokémon becomes stronger by stumbling and falling to keep up with its parent.

A PONYTA is very weak at birth. It can barely stand up. Its legs become stronger as it stumbles and falls while trying to keep up with its parent.

PONYTA is very weak at birth. It can barely stand up. This POKéMON becomes stronger by stumbling and falling to keep up with its parent.

Its hind legs, which have hooves that are harder than diamond, kick back at any presence it senses behind it.

It can’t run properly when it’s newly born. As it races around with others of its kind, its legs grow stronger.

Its hooves are 10 times harder than diamonds. It can trample anything completely flat in little time.

If you’ve been accepted by Ponyta, its burning mane is mysteriously no longer hot to the touch.

Its legs grow strong while it chases after its parents. It runs all day in fields and on mountains.

As a newborn, it can barely stand. However, through galloping, its legs are made tougher and faster.

It is a weak runner immediately after birth. It gradually becomes faster by chasing after its parents.

Its legs grow strong while it chases after its parent. It runs in fields and mountains all day.

Its body is light, and its legs are incredibly powerful. It can clear Ayers Rock in one leap.

About an hour after birth, its fiery mane and tail grow out, giving it an impressive appearance.

Training by jumping over grass that grows longer every day has made it a world-class jumper.

Capable of jumping incredibly high. Its hooves and sturdy legs absorb the impact of a hard landing.

About an hour after birth, Ponyta’s fiery mane and tail grow out, giving the Pokémon an impressive appearance.

Its hooves are ten times harder than diamond. It can trample anything completely flat in little time.

These Pokémon live in herds out in the grassland. Newborn foals lack their fiery manes, which will develop about an hour after birth.

Its hind legs, which have harder-than-diamond hooves, kick back at any presence it senses behind it.

