This is a Porygon that was updated with special data. Porygon2 develops itself by learning about many different subjects all on its own.

Porygon2 was created by humans using the power of science. The man-made Pokémon has been endowed with artificial intelligence that enables it to learn new gestures and emotions on its own.

This manmade POKéMON evolved from the latest technology. It may have unprogrammed reactions.

This upgraded version of PORYGON is designed for space exploration. However, it can’t even fly.

A bizarre item caused this Pokémon to evolve. While it now exhibits many new gestures and expressions, its biology remains inscrutable.

Further research enhanced its abilities. Sometimes, it may exhibit motions that were not programmed.

With planetary development software installed, it became capable of working in space.

It was upgraded to enable the exploration of other planets. However, it failed to measure up.

This upgraded version of PORYGON is designed for space exploration. It can’t fly, however.

Even though it doesn’t die in the vacuum of space, it can’t move around very well in zero gravity.

It was created by humans using the power of science. It has been given artificial intelligence that enables it to learn new gestures and emotions on its own.

AI has been installed in it. It learns various things all on its own, but it even remembers things it doesn’t need to know.

This upgraded version of PORYGON is designed for space exploration. It can’t fly, though.

Porygon was updated to a new version in readiness for planetary development. But that dream remains unrealized as yet.

For the purposes of planetary development, Porygon was updated with the most cutting-edge technology available.

After artificial intelligence was implemented in Porygon2, the Pokémon began using a strange language that only other Porygon2 understand.

PORYGON2 was created by humans using the power of science. The man-made POKéMON has been endowed with artificial intelligence that enables it to learn new gestures and emotions on its own.

