A Pokémon that consists entirely of programming code. It is capable of moving freely in cyberspace.

It can convert its body into digital data, which enables it to enter cyberspace.

A POKéMON that consists entirely of programming code. Capable of moving freely in cyberspace.

The only Pokémon that people anticipate can fly into space. None has managed the feat yet, however.

It was built 20 years ago by scientists who dreamed of exploring space. Their dreams have yet to come true.

It is a manmade POKéMON. Since it doesn’t breathe, people are eager to try it in any environment.

Roughly 20 years ago, it was artificially created, utilizing the latest technology of the time.

A manmade POKéMON that came about as a result of research. It is programmed with only basic motions.

Porygon is capable of reverting itself entirely back to program data and entering cyberspace. This Pokémon is copy protected so it cannot be duplicated by copying.

It is capable of reverting itself entirely back to program data in order to enter cyberspace. A PORYGON is copy-protected so it cannot be duplicated.

A manmade Pokémon that came about as a result of research. It is programmed with only basic motions.

An artificial POKéMON created due to extensive research, it can perform only what is in its program.

This Pokémon was created using the cutting-edge science of 20 years ago, so many parts of it have since become obsolete.

The only POKéMON people anticipate can fly into space. None has managed the feat yet, however.

Using the most advanced technologies, scientists finally succeeded in making the first artificial POKéMON.

A POKéMON that consists entirely of programming code. It is capable of moving freely in cyberspace.

A man-made Pokémon that came about as a result of research. It is programmed with only basic motions.

It has no discernible heartbeat and does not seem to draw breath, and yet it appears to function without issue. I cannot even begin to explain this utterly bizarre anomaly.

In recent years, this species has been very helpful in cyberspace. These Pokémon will go around checking to make sure no suspicious data exists.

It is a manmade Pokémon. Since it doesn’t breathe, people are eager to try it in any environment.

A man-made Pokémon created using advanced scientific means. It can move freely in cyberspace.

The world’s first artificially created Pokémon. It can travel through electronic space.

State-of-the-art technology was used to create Porygon. It was the first artificial Pokémon to be created via computer programming.

PORYGON is capable of reverting itself entirely back to program data and entering cyberspace. This POKéMON is copy-protected so it cannot be duplicated by copying.

