When electricity builds up inside its body, it becomes feisty. It also glows in the dark.

Its long tail serves as a ground to protect itself from its own high voltage power.

It turns aggressive if it has too much electricity in its body. It discharges power through its tail.

If the electrical sacks become excessively charged, RAICHU plants its tail in the ground and discharges. Scorched patches of ground will be found near this POKéMON’s nest.

Its long tail serves as a ground to protect itself from its own high-voltage power.

This POKéMON exudes a weak electrical charge from all over its body that makes it take on a slight glow in darkness. RAICHU searches for electricity by planting its tail in the ground.

Its electric charges can reach even 100,000 volts. Careless contact can cause even an Indian elephant to faint.

When its electricity builds, its muscles are stimulated, and it becomes more aggressive than usual.

It can loose 100,000-volt bursts of electricity, instantly downing foes several times its size.

Its tail discharges electricity into the ground, protecting it from getting shocked.

If it stores too much electricity, its behavior turns aggressive. To avoid this, it occasionally discharges excess energy and calms itself down.

If the electric pouches in its cheeks become fully charged, both ears will stand straight up.

It unleashes electric shocks that can reach 100,000 volts. When agitated, it can knock out even an Indian elephant.

If its electric pouches run empty, it raises its tail to gather electricity from the atmosphere.

This Pokémon exudes a weak electrical charge from all over its body that makes it take on a slight glow in darkness. Raichu plants its tail in the ground to discharge electricity.

As electricity builds up inside its body, it becomes more aggressive. One theory is that the electricity buildup is actually causing stress.

If the electrical sacs become excessively charged, Raichu plants its tail in the ground and discharges. Scorched patches of ground will be found near this Pokémon’s nest.

Because so many Trainers like the way Pikachu looks, you don’t see this Pokémon very often.

It can discharge bursts of electricity exceeding 100,000 volts— a single strike with that amount of power would incapacitate one of the Copperajah of my homeland.

It becomes aggressive when it has electricity stored up. At such times, even its Trainer has to take care to avoid being attacked.

