Relicanth is a rare species that was discovered in deep-sea explorations. This Pokémon’s body withstands the enormous water pressure of the ocean depths. Its body is covered in tough scales that are like craggy rocks.

This Pokémon was discovered during deep-sea exploration. Its appearance hasn’t changed in 100,000,000 years, so it’s called a living fossil.

Discovered by chance during deep-sea explorations, it has not changed since ancient times.

It has remained unchanged for 100 million years. It was discovered during a deep-sea exploration.

This rare Pokémon was discovered during a deep-sea exploration. It has not changed in over 100 million years.

RELICANTH is a rare species that was discovered in deep-sea explorations. This POKéMON’s body withstands the enormous water pressure of the ocean depths. Its body is covered in tough scales that are like craggy rocks.

It was fortuitously discovered during a deep sea expedition. Its teeth have atrophied, so it now survives on microscopic organisms it sucks up.

Thought to have gone extinct, Relicanth was given a name that is a variation of the name of the person who discovered it.

Its form has remained the same for one hundred million years. Its body is filled with fat, so it can withstand the water pressure of the deep sea.

RELICANTH is a POKéMON species that existed for a hundred million years without ever changing its form. This ancient POKéMON feeds on microscopic organisms with its toothless mouth.

A POKéMON that was once believed to have been extinct. The species has not changed its form for 100 million years. It walks on the seafloor using its pectoral fins.

A rare Pokémon discovered during a deep-sea exploration. It has not changed in over 100 million years.

Rock-hard scales and oil-filled swim bladders allow this Pokémon to survive the intense water pressure of the deep sea.

The reason it hasn’t changed at all in a hundred million years is that it’s apparently already a perfect life-form.

Relicanth is a Pokémon species that existed for a hundred million years without ever changing its form. This ancient Pokémon feeds on microscopic organisms with its toothless mouth.

