Also known as the “sniper of the seas,” its water gun can hit prey without fail from over 300 feet away.

Remoraid sucks in water, then expels it at high velocity using its abdominal muscles to shoot down flying prey. When evolution draws near, this Pokémon travels downstream from rivers.

Spits water from its mouth with incredible accuracy. It captures Burmy by shooting them down off the branches from which they dangle.

It squirts water forcefully from its mouth to shoot down flying prey.

It clings to MANTINE to feed on the big Pokémon’s scraps. This is an adaptation to avoid foes.

Using its dorsal fin as a suction pad, it clings to a Mantine’s underside to scavenge for leftovers.

To escape from an attacker, it may shoot water out of its mouth, then use that force to swim backward.

A REMORAID uses its abdominal muscles to forcefully expel swallowed water, then shoot down flying prey. When evolution approaches, it travels down rivers.

It forcefully squirts water. The water jet never misses prey even if the Remoraid is deep in the sea.

It forcefully squirts water. The water jet never misses prey even if the REMORAID is deep in the sea.

The water they shoot from their mouths can hit moving prey from more than 300 feet away.

This Pokémon clings to Mantine and shares in its prosperity. When its Mantine is attacked, Remoraid will fight alongside it!

REMORAID sucks in water, then expels it at high velocity using its abdominal muscles to shoot down flying prey. When evolution draws near, this POKéMON travels downstream from rivers.

It has superb accuracy. The water it shoots out can strike even moving prey from more than 100 yards.

It has superb accuracy. The water it shoots out can strike moving prey from more than 300 feet away.

It clings to Mantine to feed on the big Pokémon’s scraps. This is an adaptation to avoid foes.

Using its dorsal fin as a suction pad, it clings to a MANTINE’s underside to scavenge for leftovers.

It has superb accuracy. The water it shoots out can strike even moving prey from more than 300 feet.

