RHYHORN’s brain is very small. It is so dense, while on a run it forgets why it started running in the first place. It apparently remembers sometimes if it demolishes something.

A POKéMON with a one-track mind. Once it charges, it won’t stop running until it falls asleep.

RHYHORN runs in a straight line, smashing everything in its path. It is not bothered even if it rushes headlong into a block of steel. This POKéMON may feel some pain from the collision the next day, however.

Its powerful tackles can destroy anything. However, it is too slow witted to help people work.

Once it starts running, it doesn’t stop. Its tiny brain makes it so stupid that it can’t remember why it started running in the first place.

It is inept at turning because of its four short legs. It can only charge and run in one direction.

It doesn’t care if there is anything in its way. It just charges and destroys all obstacles.

Its body is clad in a thick hide, and its tackles topple buildings. Unfortunately, it is not smart.

Strong, but not too bright, this Pokémon can shatter even a skyscraper with its charging Tackles.

Rhyhorn’s brain is very small. It is so dense, while on a run it forgets why it started running in the first place. It apparently remembers sometimes if it demolishes something.

Its massive bones are 1,000 times harder than human bones. Its TACKLE can knock a semitrailer flying.

Strong, but not too bright, this POKéMON can shatter even a skyscraper with its charging TACKLES.

A Pokémon with a one-track mind. Once it charges, it won’t stop running until it falls asleep.

Rhyhorn runs in a straight line, smashing everything in its path. It is not bothered even if it rushes headlong into a block of steel. This Pokémon may feel some pain from the collision the next day, however.

Strong, but not too bright, this Pokémon can shatter even a skyscraper with its charging tackles.

It can remember only one thing at a time. Once it starts rushing, it forgets why it started.

Its massive bones are 1000 times harder than human bones. It can easily knock a trailer flying.

Ludicrously strong—when it butts heads with a mountain, it is the mountain that shatters. But its short legs struggle with turns, and it is incapable of stopping unless it collides with something.

