It flies around on its wings, which have grown in at last. In its happiness, it gushes hot flames, burning up the fields it passes over.

SALAMENCE came about as a result of a strong, long-held dream of growing wings. It is said that this powerful desire triggered a sudden mutation in this POKéMON’s cells, causing it to sprout its magnificent wings.

By evolving into SALAMENCE, this POKéMON finally realizes its long-held dream of growing wings. To express its joy, it flies and wheels all over the sky while spouting flames from its mouth.

Salamence came about as a result of a strong, long-held dream of growing wings. It is said that this powerful desire triggered a sudden mutation in this Pokémon’s cells, causing it to sprout its magnificent wings.

It flies around on its wings, which have grown in at last. In its happiness, it gushes hot flames, burning up everything it passes over.

Salamence is an unusual Pokémon in that it was able to evolve a body with wings just by constantly wishing to be able to fly.

It becomes uncontrollable if it is enraged. It destroys everything with shredding claws and fire.

When angered, it loses all sense of itself and destroys everything around it. The destruction will continue until Salamence has tired itself out.

As a result of its long-held dream of flying, its cellular structure changed, and wings grew out.

While basking in the joy of flight generally keeps this Pokémon in high spirits, Salamence turns into an uncontrollable menace if something angers it.

By evolving into Salamence, this Pokémon finally realizes its long-held dream of growing wings. To express its joy, it flies and wheels all over the sky while spouting flames from its mouth.

Thanks to its fervent wishes, the cells in its body finally mutated, and at last it has its heart’s desire—wings.

Overjoyed at finally being able to fly, it flies all over the place and usually doesn’t land until it’s completely exhausted and needs to sleep.

After many long years, its cellular structure underwent a sudden mutation to grow wings. When angered, it loses all thought and rampages out of control.

It’s uncontrollable if enraged. It flies around spouting flames and scorching fields and mountains.

