Its body is dry. When it gets cold at night, its hide is said to become coated with a fine dew.

To protect itself from attackers, it curls up into a ball. It lives in arid regions with minimal rainfall.

It usually makes its home in deserts and arid zones, where rain does not fall. It digs holes to catch Bug-type Pokémon.

It loves to bathe in the grit of dry, sandy areas. By sand bathing, the Pokémon rids itself of dirt and moisture clinging to its body.

It burrows into the ground to create its nest. If hard stones impede its tunneling, it uses its sharp claws to shatter them and then carries on digging.

Sandshrew has a very dry hide that is extremely tough. The Pokémon can roll into a ball that repels any attack. At night, it burrows into the desert sand to sleep.

Burrows deep underground in arid locations far from water. It only emerges to hunt for prey.

It prefers dry, sandy places because it uses the sand to protect itself when threatened.

Disliking water, it lives in deep burrows in arid areas. It can roll itself instantly into a ball.

Sandshrew’s body is configured to absorb water without waste, enabling it to survive in an arid desert. This Pokémon curls up to protect itself from its enemies.

SANDSHREW’s body is configured to absorb water without waste, enabling it to survive in an arid desert. This POKéMON curls up to protect itself from its enemies.

If it fell from a great height, this Pokémon could save itself by rolling into a ball and bouncing.

If it fell from a great height, this POKéMON could save itself by rolling into a ball and bouncing.

It lives in areas of limited rainfall. When danger approaches, it curls up into a ball to protect its soft stomach.

It digs deep burrows to live in. When in danger, it rolls up its body to withstand attacks.

When its skin gets wrinkled from moisture, it heads for a volcano. It lies flat on a spot with a lot of geothermal heat and dries itself out.

When it curls up in a ball, it can make any attack bounce off harmlessly. Its hide has turned tough and solid as a result of living in the desert.

SANDSHREW has a very dry hide that is extremely tough. The POKéMON can roll into a ball that repels any attack. At night, it burrows into the desert sand to sleep.

It can roll its body into a ball. It moves through the desert by rolling at high speeds.

Burrows deep underground in arid locations far from water. It only emerges to hunt for food.

It burrows and lives underground. If threatened, it curls itself up into a ball for protection.

