Scizor has a body with the hardness of steel. It is not easily fazed by ordinary sorts of attacks. This Pokémon flaps its wings to regulate its body temperature.

Its wings are not used for flying. They are flapped at high speed to adjust its body temperature.

This POKéMON’s pincers, which contain steel, can crush any hard object it gets a hold of into bits.

It uses its wings to adjust its body temperature. Otherwise, its metal body would become too hot and melt in the heat of battle.

It raises its pincers with eyelike markings for intimidation. It also swings them down dangerously.

A SCIZOR has a body with the hardness of steel. It is not easily fazed by ordinary sorts of attacks. It flaps its wings to regulate its body temperature.

Its body is like steel. Its tough, heavy pincers are more suited to smashing enemies than grabbing them.

This Pokémon’s pincers, which contain steel, can crush any hard object they get ahold of into bits.

Once it has identified something as an enemy, it will continue beating them with its steel-hard pincers until there’s nothing left but scraps.

It swings its eye-patterned pincers up to scare its foes. This makes it look like it has three heads.

Though its body is slim, Scizor has tremendous attacking power. Even Scizor’s muscles are made of metal.

SCIZOR has a body with the hardness of steel. It is not easily fazed by ordinary sorts of attacks. This POKéMON flaps its wings to regulate its body temperature.

Bulky pincers account for one third of Scizor’s body weight. A single swing of one of these pincers will crush a boulder completely.

This Pokémon’s pincers, which contain steel, can crush any hard object it gets ahold of into bits.

Evolved by way of a curious item. The shell covering its body has been shown to be stronger than forged steel.

Once it has identified an enemy, this Pokémon smashes it mercilessly with pincers hard as steel.

It has a steel-hard body. It intimidates foes by upraising its eye-patterned pincers.

