The sharp scythes on its forearms become increasingly sharp by cutting through hard objects.

It tears and shreds prey with its wickedly sharp scythes. It very rarely spreads its wings to fly.

It confuses its prey with its quick, ninja-like movements. Then, in an instant, it cleaves them with its scythes.

The large, wickedly sharp scythes on its forearms are truly fearsome weapons. Prey’s attempts to flee are unfailingly thwarted by this Pokémon’s nimble motions.

With ninja-like agility and speed, it can create the illusion that there is more than one of itself.

As Scyther fights more and more battles, its scythes become sharper and sharper. With a single slice, Scyther can fell a massive tree.

While young, they live together deep in the mountains, training themselves in how to fight with their scythes and move at high speeds.

When it moves, it leaves only a blur. If it hides in grass, its protective colors make it invisible.

Its blindingly fast speed adds to the sharpness of its twin forearm scythes. The scythes can slice through thick logs in one wicked stroke.

Its two sharp scythes are more than just weapons. It uses them with dexterity to dress its prey before eating.

It slashes through grass with its sharp scythes, moving too fast for the human eye to track.

When it moves, it leaves only a blur. If it hides in grass, its protective coloration makes it invisible.

If you come across an area in a forest where a lot of the trees have been cut down, what you’ve found is a Scyther’s territory.

It is nearly impossible to parry its attacking scythes. Its movements are like a ninja’s.

Leaps out of tall grass and slices prey with its scythes. The movement looks like that of a ninja.

With ninja-like agility and speed, it can create the illusion that there is more than one.

It’s very proud of its speed. It moves so fast that its opponent does not even know what knocked it down.

SCYTHER is blindingly fast. Its blazing speed enhances the effectiveness of the twin scythes on its forearms. This POKéMON’s scythes are so effective, they can slice through thick logs in one wicked stroke.

Scyther is blindingly fast. Its blazing speed enhances the effectiveness of the twin scythes on its forearms. This Pokémon’s scythes are so effective, they can slice through thick logs in one wicked stroke.

Some call it a ninja. Its movements— imperceptibly quick—are sufficient to cleave the air in two. It’s very popular in Alola.

