Seadra sleeps after wriggling itself between the branches of coral. Those trying to harvest coral are occasionally stung by this Pokémon’s poison barbs if they fail to notice it.

Its spines provide protection. Its fins and bones are prized as traditional-medicine ingredients.

SEADRA sleeps after wriggling itself between the branches of coral. Those trying to harvest coral are occasionally stung by this POKéMON’s poison barbs if they fail to notice it.

Touching the back fin causes numbness. It hooks its tail to coral to stay in place while sleeping.

Capable of swimming backwards by rapidly flapping its wing-like pectoral fins and stout tail.

An examination of its cells revealed the presence of a gene not found in HORSEA. It became a hot topic.

Its body bristles with sharp spikes. Carelessly trying to touch it could cause fainting from the spikes.

Seadra generates whirlpools by spinning its body. The whirlpools are strong enough to swallow even fishing boats. This Pokémon weakens prey with these currents, then swallows it whole.

Its spines provide protection. Its fins and bones are prized as traditional medicine ingredients.

Seadra’s mouth is slender, but its suction power is strong. In an instant, Seadra can suck in food that’s larger than the opening of its mouth.

The male raises the young. If it is approached, it uses its toxic spikes to fend off the intruder.

It’s the males that raise the offspring. While Seadra are raising young, the spines on their backs secrete thicker and stronger poison.

SEADRA generates whirlpools by spinning its body. The whirlpools are strong enough to swallow even fishing boats. This POKéMON weakens prey with these currents, then swallows it whole.

The poisonous barbs all over its body are highly valued as ingredients for making traditional herbal medicine. It shows no mercy to anything approaching its nest.

It is capable of swimming backwards by rapidly flapping its winglike pectoral fins and stout tail.

Its fin-tips leak poison. Its fins and bones are highly valued as ingredients in herbal medicine.

