It is incredibly slow and dopey. It takes five seconds for it to feel pain when under attack.

It is always so absent-minded that it won’t react, even if its flavorful tail is bitten.

Although their tails, which fall off naturally, can easily be found lying around, they’re a precious ingredient for cooking.

Slow-witted and oblivious, this Pokémon won’t feel any pain if its tail gets eaten. It won’t notice when its tail grows back, either.

SLOWPOKE uses its tail to catch prey by dipping it in water at the side of a river. However, this POKéMON often forgets what it’s doing and often spends entire days just loafing at water’s edge.

When this Pokémon’s tail is soaked in water, sweetness seeps from it. Slowpoke uses this trait to lure in and fish up other Pokémon.

It catches prey by dipping its tail in water at the side of a river. But it often forgets what it is doing and spends entire days just loafing at water’s edge.

Its long tail often breaks off. It doesn’t really feel any pain, though, and the tail grows back, so Slowpoke isn’t particularly bothered.

Slowpoke uses its tail to catch prey by dipping it in water at the side of a river. However, this Pokémon often forgets what it’s doing and often spends entire days just loafing at water’s edge.

There are some places where Slowpoke is worshiped because of a long-standing belief that whenever Slowpoke yawns, it rains.

Incredibly slow and dopey. It takes five seconds for it to feel pain when under attack.

A sweet sap leaks from its tail’s tip. Although not nutritious, the tail is pleasant to chew on.

Although slow, it is skilled at fishing with its tail. It does not feel pain if its tail is bitten.

Incredibly slow and sluggish. It is quite content to loll about without worrying about the time.

It lazes vacantly near water. If something bites its tail, it won’t even notice for a whole day.

Incredibly slow and dopey. It takes 5 seconds for it to feel pain when under attack.

It is always vacantly lost in thought, but no one knows what it is thinking about. It is good at fishing with its tail.

Alolan home cooking involves drying Slowpoke tails and then simmering them into a salty stew.

