Its tail has a SHELLDER firmly attached with a bite. As a result, the tail can’t be used for fishing anymore. This forces it to reluctantly swim and catch prey.

Whenever Shellder bites down hard on its tail, it gives Slowbro a flash of inspiration...which it forgets a moment later.

Naturally dull to begin with, it lost its ability to feel pain due to SHELLDER’s seeping poison.

When a SLOWPOKE went hunting in the sea, its tail was bitten by a SHELLDER. That made it evolve into SLOWBRO.

Shellder, in its greed to suck out more and more sweetness from Slowbro’s tail, has metamorphosed into a spiral-shaped shell.

Slowbro’s tail has a Shellder firmly attached with a bite. As a result, the tail can’t be used for fishing anymore. This causes Slowbro to grudgingly swim and catch prey instead.

Though usually dim-witted, it seems to become inspired if the Shellder on its tail bites down.

Lives lazily by the sea. If the SHELLDER on its tail comes off, it becomes a SLOWPOKE again.

An attached Shellder won’t let go because of the tasty flavor that oozes out of its tail.

The SHELLDER that latches onto SLOWPOKE’s tail is said to feed on the host’s leftover scraps.

SLOWBRO’s tail has a SHELLDER firmly attached with a bite. As a result, the tail can’t be used for fishing anymore. This causes SLOWBRO to grudgingly swim and catch prey instead.

Lives lazily by the sea. If the Shellder on its tail comes off, it becomes a Slowpoke again.

The SHELLDER that is latched onto SLOWPOKE’s tail is said to feed on the host’s left over scraps.

When a Slowpoke went hunting in the sea, its tail was bitten by a Shellder. That made it evolve into Slowbro.

An attached SHELLDER won’t let go because of the tasty flavor that oozes out of its tail.

If the tail-biting Shellder is thrown off in a harsh battle, this Pokémon reverts to being an ordinary Slowpoke.

Though usually dim witted, it seems to become inspired if the SHELLDER on its tail bites down.

If the tail-biting SHELLDER is thrown off in a harsh battle, it reverts to being an ordinary SLOWPOKE.

Being bitten by a Shellder shocked this Pokémon into standing on two legs. If the Shellder lets go, it seems Slowbro will turn back into a Slowpoke.

It spaces out while gazing at the sea. With Shellder’s poison flowing through its body, it becomes even spacier.

Spacing out is basically all it does. It turns back into Slowpoke if its tail, along with Shellder, breaks off.

Though usually dim witted, it seems to become inspired if the Shellder on its tail bites down.

Slowpoke became Slowbro when a Shellder bit on to its tail. Sweet flavors seeping from the tail make the Shellder feel as if its life is a dream.

