The result of its holding the same pose all the time is arms that have become supple yet strong.

If a tree branch shakes when there is no wind, it’s a Sudowoodo, not a tree. It hides from the rain.

If a tree branch shakes when there is no wind, it’s a SUDOWOODO, not a tree. It hides from the rain.

Apparently, the larger the green parts of this Pokémon, the more collectors value it. It’s a particular favorite among elderly people.

It mimics a tree to avoid being attacked by enemies. But since its forelegs remain green throughout the year, it is easily identified as a fake in the winter.

Although it always pretends to be a tree, its composition appears to be closer to a rock than a plant.

Though it pretends to be a tree, it fails to fool even children. To the touch, its body feels more like rock than tree bark. Sudowoodo’s extreme aversion to water merits special note.

To avoid being attacked, it does nothing but mimic a tree. It hates water and flees from rain.

Despite appearing to be a tree, its body is closer to rocks and stones. It is very weak to water.

It stands along paths pretending to be a tree. If it starts raining, it seems to disappear.

Sudowoodo camouflages itself as a tree to avoid being attacked by enemies. However, because its hands remain green throughout the year, the Pokémon is easily identified as a fake during the winter.

It’s so popular with the elderly that there’s a magazine devoted to this Pokémon. Fans obsess over the particular length and angle of its arms.

Although it always pretends to be a tree, its composition appears more similar to rock than to vegetation.

It disguises itself as a tree to avoid attack. It hates water, so it will disappear if it starts raining.

SUDOWOODO camouflages itself as a tree to avoid being attacked by enemies. However, because the forelegs remain green throughout the year, the POKéMON is easily identified as a fake during the winter.

Though it looks like a tree, its body is actually more like rock or stone. The Pokémon is very weak to water.

To avoid attack, it mimics a tree. It will run off if splashed with water, which it hates.

