TANGELA’s vines snap off easily if they are grabbed. This happens without pain, allowing it to make a quick getaway. The lost vines are replaced by newly grown vines the very next day.

The whole body is swathed with wide vines that are similar to seaweed. The vines sway as it walks.

The whole body is swathed with wide vines that are similar to seaweed. Its vines shake as it walks.

Tangela’s vines snap off easily if they are grabbed. This happens without pain, allowing it to make a quick getaway. The lost vines are replaced by newly grown vines the very next day.

Its identity is obscured by masses of thick, blue vines. The vines are said to never stop growing.

Its vines snap off easily and painlessly if they are grabbed, allowing it to make a quick getaway. The lost vines are replaced by new growth the very next day.

The vines of a Tangela have a distinct scent. In some parts of Galar, Tangela vines are used as herbs.

It tangles any moving thing with its vines. Their subtle shaking is ticklish if you get ensnared.

Many writhing vines cover it, so its true identity remains unknown. The blue vines grow its whole life long.

Its identity is obscured by masses of thick blue vines. The vines are said to never stop growing.

Blue plant vines cloak the POKéMON’s identity in a tangled mass. It entangles anything that gets close.

The blue vines shrouding its body are covered in a growth of fine hair. It is known to be ticklish.

Hidden beneath a tangle of vines that grows nonstop even if the vines are torn off, this Pokémon’s true appearance remains a mystery.

The vines that cloak its entire body are always jiggling. They effectively unnerve its foes.

It is cloaked entirely in blue vines, preventing any glimpse of its true identity. The vines impart a refreshing sensation when chewed—they’re useful as a spice.

During battle, it constantly moves the vines that cover its body in order to annoy its opponent.

It is shrouded by blue vines. No one has seen the face hidden behind this growth of vines.

