Its 80 tentacles can stretch and shrink freely. Tentacruel ensnares prey in a net of spread-out tentacles, delivering venomous stings to its catch.

When the red orbs on Tentacruel’s head glow brightly, watch out. The Pokémon is about to fire off a burst of ultrasonic waves.

It fires off ultrasonic waves from its red orbs to weaken its prey, and then it wraps them up in its 80 tentacles.

The tentacles are normally kept short. On hunts, they are extended to ensnare and immobilize prey.

It has 80 tentacles, each with a venomous tip. These tentacles are also extendible, lengthening when Tentacruel attempts to catch prey. Use caution.

TENTACRUEL has tentacles that can be freely elongated and shortened at will. It ensnares prey with its tentacles and weakens the prey by dosing it with a harsh toxin. It can catch up to 80 prey at the same time.

In battle, it extends all 80 of its tentacles to entrap its opponent inside a poisonous net.

Although these Pokémon are rare, when a large outbreak of them occurs, all fish Pokémon disappear from the surrounding sea.

It lives in complex rock formations on the ocean floor and traps prey using its 80 tentacles. Its red orbs glow when it grows excited or agitated.

TENTACRUEL has large red orbs on its head. The orbs glow before lashing the vicinity with a harsh ultrasonic blast. This POKéMON’s outburst creates rough waves around it.

It alerts others to danger by stridently flashing the red orbs on its head.

It has 80 tentacles that move about freely. They can sting, causing poisoning and sharp, stabbing pain.

Its 80 tentacles absorb water and stretch almost endlessly to CONSTRICT its prey and enemies.

Its 80 tentacles can stretch and contract freely. They wrap around prey and weaken it with poison.

It extends its 80 tentacles to form an encircling poisonous net that is difficult to escape.

With 80 tentacles for ensnaring victims, it prevents escape until the prey is weakened by poison.

Tentacruel has large red orbs on its head. The orbs glow before lashing the vicinity with a harsh ultrasonic blast. This Pokémon’s outburst creates rough waves around it.

When its 80 feelers absorb water, it stretches to become like a net to entangle its prey.

It communicates with others of its kind by lighting up the red orbs on its head. When the orbs are blinking, it’s a warning sign.

Normally, it has 80 poisonous tentacles. The longer one has been alive, the fewer tentacles it will have.

Tentacruel has tentacles that can be freely elongated and shortened at will. It ensnares prey with its tentacles and weakens the prey by dosing it with a harsh toxin. It can catch up to 80 prey at the same time.

Its 80 tentacles absorb water and stretch almost endlessly to constrict its prey and enemies.

