Its cell structure is similar to water molecules. It will melt away and become invisible in water.

Its cells are composed of units much like water molecules. It lives close to water and is often mistaken for a mermaid.

Its body’s cellular structure is similar to the molecular composition of water. It can melt invisibly in water.

Vaporeon underwent a spontaneous mutation and grew fins and gills that allow it to live underwater. This Pokémon has the ability to freely control water.

Blending in with the water and erasing all signs of its presence, it patiently waits for its prey, fish Pokémon.

Clean, clear waters are its usual habitat. When it’s about to be attacked by an invading enemy, it dives into the water to hide.

It prefers beautiful shores. With cells similar to water molecules, it could melt in water.

It lives close to water. Its long tail is ridged with a fin, which is often mistaken for a mermaid’s.

When Vaporeon’s fins begin to vibrate, it is a sign that rain will come within a few hours.

Lives close to water. Its long tail is ridged with a fin which is often mistaken for a mermaid’s.

Its cell composition is similar to water molecules. As a result, it can melt away into water.

VAPOREON underwent a spontaneous mutation and grew fins and gills that allow it to live underwater. This POKéMON has the ability to freely control water.

It has evolved to be suitable for an aquatic life. It can invisibly melt away into water.

It has evolved to be suited for an aquatic life. It can become invisible when it melts away into water.

Its cell composition is similar to water molecules. As a result, it can’t be seen when it melts away into water.

When VAPOREON’s fins begin to vibrate, it is a sign that rain will come within a few hours.

VAPOREON underwent a spontaneous mutation and grew fins and gills that allow them to live underwater. They have the ability to freely control water.

Its cell structure is similar to water molecules. It melts into the water and becomes invisible.

It detects nearby moisture with its fin. When its fin begins trembling rapidly, that means rain will fall in a few hours.

Tests show that its cells closely resemble water molecules, which perhaps explains its ability to conceal its form while submerged. I believe the origins of mermaid folklore lie with this Pokémon.

As it uses the fins on the tip of its tail to swim, it blends with the water perfectly.

