It manipulates balls of fire to catch its prey. If you raise one from when it’s young, it will grow close to you like a puppy Pokémon.

As it develops, its single white tail gains color and splits into six. It is quite warm and cuddly.

Inside Vulpix’s body burns a flame that never goes out. During the daytime, when the temperatures rise, this Pokémon releases flames from its mouth to prevent its body from growing too hot.

In its belly burns a fire, which Vulpix spits out in the form of fireballs. When young, this Pokémon has but one white tail. As the Pokémon matures, this single tail splits into six.

While young, it has six gorgeous tails. When it grows, several new tails are sprouted.

If it is attacked by an enemy that is stronger than itself, it feigns injury to fool the enemy and escapes.

Its beautiful fur and tails have made it very popular. As it grows, its tails split to form more tails.

When it is born, it has just one snow-white tail. The tail splits from its tip as it grows older.

At the time of birth, it has just one tail. The tail splits from its tip as it grows older.

At the time of its birth, VULPIX has one white tail. The tail separates into six if this POKéMON receives plenty of love from its TRAINER. The six tails become magnificently curled.

Both its fur and its tails are beautiful. As it grows, the tails split and form more tails.

It controls balls of fire. As it grows, its six tails split from their tips to make more tails.

Inside VULPIX’s body burns a flame that never goes out. During the daytime, when the temperatures rise, this POKéMON releases flames from its mouth to prevent its body from growing too hot.

At the time of its birth, Vulpix has one white tail. The tail separates into six if this Pokémon receives plenty of love from its Trainer. The six tails become magnificently curled.

From its mouth spew flames that seem to resemble the spirits of the deceased. Some people mistakenly think this fire is a ghost.

It can freely control fire, making fiery orbs fly like will-o’-the-wisps. Just before evolution, its six tails grow hot as if on fire.

Its beautiful tails have made it very popular. However, if it’s not brushed diligently, it will be a mass of tangles before you know it.

As its body grows larger, its six warm tails become more beautiful, with a more luxurious coat of fur.

As each tail grows, its fur becomes more lustrous. When held, it feels slightly warm.

