WIGGLYTUFF has large, saucerlike eyes. The surfaces of its eyes are always covered with a thin layer of tears. If any dust gets in this POKéMON’s eyes, it is quickly washed away.

The more air it takes in, the more it inflates. If opponents catch it in a bad mood, it will inflate itself to an enormous size to intimidate them.

When it gets angry, it inhales with all its might, and its body gradually inflates. Sometimes they can grow 20 times larger!

Its fur is extremely fine, dense, and supple. The exquisitely pleasant fur conveys an image of luxury.

Wigglytuff has large, saucerlike eyes. The surfaces of its eyes are always covered with a thin layer of tears. If any dust gets in this Pokémon’s eyes, it is quickly washed away.

Its body is full of elasticity. By inhaling deeply, it can continue to inflate itself without limit.

Wigglytuff’s body is very flexible. By inhaling deeply, this Pokémon can inflate itself seemingly without end. Once inflated, Wigglytuff bounces along lightly like a balloon.

Its fine fur feels so pleasant, those who accidentally touch it cannot take their hands away.

WIGGLYTUFF’s body is very flexible. By inhaling deeply, this POKéMON can inflate itself seemingly without end. Once inflated, WIGGLYTUFF bounces along lightly like a balloon.

Their fur feels so good that if two of them snuggle together, they won’t want to be separated.

It sheds its fine fur when the seasons change. The fur is gathered and spun into a luxurious yarn.

It’s proud of its fur, which is fine and delicate. In particular, the curl on its forehead has a texture that’s perfectly heavenly.

The body is soft and rubbery. When angered, it will suck in air and inflate itself to an enormous size.

Its fine fur feels sublime to the touch. It can expand its body by inhaling air.

Thanks to its bouncy body and fine fur, this Pokémon is sought after. Holding one in your arms while you sleep feels great.

Its body is very elastic. By inhaling deeply, it can continue to inflate itself without limit.

It has a very fine fur. Take care not to make it angry, or it may inflate steadily and hit with a body slam.

Its fur is the ultimate in luxuriousness. Sleeping alongside a WIGGLYTUFF is simply divine. Its body expands seemingly without end when it inhales.

The rich, fluffy fur that covers its body feels so good that anyone who feels it can’t stop touching it.

It has a very fine fur. Take care not to make it angry, or it may inflate steadily and hit with a BODY SLAM.

As it inhales, it expands...and expands...and expands. Wigglytuff compete to see which one can inflate itself the most.

